

--- PAGE 1 ---

Environmental, Social 
and Governance Report
Advancing Our Business
FY2023

--- PAGE 2 ---

TABLE OF CONTENTS
This report covers The Home Depot’s environmental, social and governance (ESG) progress in our fiscal year 2023.
CEO LETTER 4
OVERVIEW 5
About Home Depot 6
Our ESG Program At-A-Glance 8
Our Approach 15
Governance 18
Risk Management 20
Our Strategy 22
Our Targets and Progress 23
FOCUS ON OUR PEOPLE 25
Diversity, Equity and Inclusion 27
Associate Safety 32
Associate Engagement 34
The Homer Fund 36
Learning & Development 37
Benefits 39
OPERATE SUSTAINABLY 42
Carbon Emissions Reduction 45
Sustainable Forestry 51
Circularity 53
Water Conservation 60
Responsible Chemistry 62
Promoting Customer Eco Actions 64
STRENGTHEN OUR COMMUNITIES 70
Community Partnerships 72
Supplier Diversity 74
Veteran Support 76
Trades Training: Our Path to Pro Programs 79
Disaster Relief & Response 81
RESPONSIBLE BUSINESS PRACTICES 82
Code of Conduct 83
Responsible Sourcing and Human Rights 84
Government Relations 86
Corporate Taxes 89
Data Security & Privacy 91
APPENDICES 94
ESG Performance Data 95
GRI 98
SASB 105
TCFD 108
Resources 110
Endnotes 111
Unless otherwise noted, we report on activities that fall in our fiscal year (FY) 2023, which started on January 30, 2023, and ended on January 28, 2024.
Overview Focus on Our People Operate Sustainably Strengthen Our Communities Responsible Business Practices Appendices
The Home Depot ESG Report | Fiscal 2023 2

--- PAGE 3 ---

ABOUT THIS REPORT
The Home Depot publishes our annual ESG Report to 
share our ESG activities with our stakeholders in a timely, 
transparent manner. We include details on our approach, our 
policies and practices, our metrics, targets and goals, and 
our stakeholder engagement.
Reporting Period and Scope
Unless otherwise noted, we report on activities that were taken during our 2023 
fiscal year, which started on January 30, 2023, and ended on January 28, 2024.
Unless otherwise noted, this report focuses on The Home Depot’s in-store and 
online operations within the U.S., which represented more than 90% of sales in 
our 2023 fiscal year. This report also includes data from our Canada and Mexico 
operations and HD Supply Holdings Inc. (HD Supply) data is included 
where noted throughout this report. The acquisition of SRS Distribution Inc. 
("SRS") was completed on June 18, 2024. As a result, SRS's ESG information is 
not included in this report. This report also contains information on The Home 
Depot Foundation,® The Homer Fund® and Team Depot volunteers. The 
Home Depot Foundation and The Homer Fund are divisions of THDF II, Inc., a 
nonprofit entity that is also a public charity under 501(c)(3) of the U.S. tax code. 
THDF II, Inc. is not a subsidiary of The Home Depot.
Reporting Standards
The Home Depot has reported with reference to the Global Reporting Initiative 
(GRI) standards for our 2023 fiscal year. This report also contains disclosures 
that are informed by the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) 
Multiline and Specialty Retailers & Distributors and Building Products & 
Furnishing industry standards, the recommendations of the Task Force on 
Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) framework and the United Nations 
Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs).
Overview Focus on Our People Operate Sustainably Strengthen Our Communities Responsible Business Practices Appendices
The Home Depot ESG Report | Fiscal 2023 3
Forward-Looking Statements: All statements in this report that are not historical constitute 
“forward-looking statements” as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. 
These forward-looking statements may relate to, among other things, our goals, commitments 
and programs, and projections of future results, including our ability to meet our goals; our 
business plans, strategies, initiatives and objectives and their expected execution and impact; 
management of relationships with our associates, potential associates, suppliers and service 
providers; cost and availability of labor; costs of fuel and other energy sources; events that 
could disrupt our business, supply chain, technology infrastructure, or demand for our products 
and services, such as international trade disputes, natural disasters, climate change, public 
health issues, cybersecurity events, geopolitical conflicts, military conflicts or acts of war; our 
ability to maintain a safe and secure store environment; the impact of regulatory changes; the 
impact of acquired companies on our organization; and our assumptions, expectations and 
projections regarding any of the foregoing. Forward-looking statements are based on currently 
available information and our current assumptions, expectations and projections about future 
events. They are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to future events, risks 
and uncertainties – many of which are beyond our control, dependent on the actions of third 
parties, or currently unknown to us – as well as potentially inaccurate assumptions that could 
cause actual results to differ materially. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited 
to, those described in the “Risk Factors” section and elsewhere in our most recently filed 
Annual Report on Form 10-K, and also in subsequent reports we file with the Securities and 
Exchange Commission. We encourage you to review these filings. Forward-looking statements 
speak only as of the date they are made, and we do not undertake to update these statements 
other than as required by law. You are advised, however, to review any further disclosures we 
make on related subjects in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission and in our 
other public statements.
Note on Materiality: Materiality, as used in this report, and in our ESG priority assessment 
process, is different than the definition used in the context in filings with the Securities and 
Exchange Commission. Issues deemed material for purposes of this report may not be 
considered material for SEC reporting purposes.

--- PAGE 4 ---

CEO LETTER
Growing with Purpose: Achievements and Commitment
We know that running a responsible, sustainable 
company makes our business stronger, more agile 
and more resilient. This commitment supports 
business practices that enable us to consistently 
deliver industry-leading results. In alignment with our 
values, we organize our approach to ESG around 
three key pillars: Focus on Our People, Operate 
Sustainably and Strengthen Our Communities. 
We continue to focus on helping associates grow their 
careers with The Home Depot, and more than 90% of 
our store leaders started as hourly associates. Being 
recognized again as Fortune Magazine's #1 Most 
Admired Specialty Retailer is a recognition of our 
exceptional associates.
This year, we've made significant strides toward 
achieving our sustainability goals. The Science Based 
Targets initiative (SBTi) validated our updated 
greenhouse gas emissions reduction targets, 
determining that our Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions 
reduction target is in line with a 1.5-degree Celsius 
trajectory. By the end of Fiscal 2030, we aim to reduce 
our combined absolute Scope 1 and Scope 2 
emissions 42% from a Fiscal 2020 base year. The 
Home Depot commits to reduce absolute Scope 3 
emissions from the use of sold products within the 
same timeframe. 
We’re also excited to announce that starting in 
January 2025, we’ll partner with Georgia Power’s 
Customer Renewable Supply Procurement program. 
Through this partnership, we expect to secure the 
equivalent of about 70% of the annual electricity 
needed for our largest office building. This step 
represents progress on our renewable energy 
initiatives and our commitment to enhancing value by 
reducing our carbon footprint. 
Giving back is one of The Home Depot’s core values 
and an important part of how we help strengthen our 
communities. In 2023, The Home Depot Foundation 
granted more than $86 million to serve veterans, 
support communities impacted by natural disasters 
and educate more people in the skilled trades. We 
also increased our commitment to serving veterans to 
$750 million after surpassing our goal of $500 million 
two years earlier than our 2025 goal. This additional 
funding will continue to help veterans access 
affordable housing and stay in their homes.
As a company of doers, we’re focused on making 
progress. Our ESG initiatives are about creating 
lasting positive impacts for our associates, our 
communities and our world. 
I want to thank our associates and supplier partners 
for the progress we’ve made and continue to make as 
a company. Thank you for the many ways you help us 
advance our business and live our values. 
Overview Focus on Our People Operate Sustainably Strengthen Our Communities Responsible Business Practices Appendices
The Home Depot ESG Report | Fiscal 2023 4
“As a company of doers, we’re 
focused on making progress.”
TED DECKER
Chair, President & CEO

--- PAGE 5 ---

Overview Focus on Our People Operate Sustainably Strengthen Our Communities Responsible Business Practices Appendices
The Home Depot ESG Report | Fiscal 2023 5
We have three key pillars of focus for our ESG 
initiatives: Focus on Our People, Operate 
Sustainably and Strengthen Our Communities. 
We believe our efforts in these areas give us a 
competitive advantage and create long-term 
value for our associates, customers, 
communities and other stakeholders.
About Home Depot 6
Our ESG Program At-A-Glance 8
Our Approach 15
Governance 18
Risk Management 20
Our Strategy 22
Our Targets and Progress 23
Overview

--- PAGE 6 ---

ABOUT HOME DEPOT
We’re proud to be the world’s 
largest home improvement 
retailer. We aspire to excel in 
service – to our customers, 
associates, communities and 
shareholders. That’s what 
leadership means to us.
 
2023: Our
Business
2,015
stores in the U.S.
182
stores in Canada
138
stores in Mexico
Approximately
463,100
orange-blooded associates
Typical store has
~104K
sq ft of indoor retail space
Overview Focus on Our People Operate Sustainably Strengthen Our Communities Responsible Business Practices Appendices
The Home Depot ESG Report | Fiscal 2023 6
 
2023: Our
Performance
Total sales
$152.7 Billion
(-3.0%)
Diluted earnings per share of
$15.11
(-9.5%)
Opened
13
new stores
Total company comparable 
store sales decreased
3.2%
and U.S. comp sales
decreased 3.5% 
 
Our
Home Depot  Family


--- PAGE 7 ---

Our Eight Core Values
Respect for All People Excellent Customer Service
° Maintain a nondiscrimination and 
zero tolerance harassment policy
° Foster mutual respect
° Welcome all associates as 
team members
° Offer the right products and 
services
° Provide low-cost product selection
° Share knowledge with customers
° Maximize product benefits
Doing the Right Thing Creating Shareholder Value
° Make responsible decisions
° Take action at the right time
° Understand our impacts
° Pursue long-term value and growth
° Deliver investment returns
° Engage with our shareholders
Building Strong Relationships Entrepreneurial Spirit
° Build trust and lasting relationships
° Care for our people and make 
connections
° Foster courage, talent and integrity
° Serve customers with innovation
° Continuously improve our business
° Spread best practices throughout 
the company
Giving Back Taking Care of our People
° Help our communities thrive
° Support important causes like 
veteran housing 
° Share our time, energy 
and resources
° Listen and respond to our 
associates’ needs
° Create opportunity from within
° Provide helpful benefits and training
° Build a supportive team culture
The Homer Fund
A 501(c)(3) charity exclusively for our associates 
and their families, with the majority of contributions 
coming from fellow associates. 
Read more about The Homer Fund on page 36.
The Home Depot Foundation
A 501(c)(3) public charity that provides funding and 
partners with other nonprofits around three focus 
areas: U.S. veterans, trades training and disaster relief.
Read more about The Home Depot Foundation 
beginning on page 76.
Team Depot
Our associate volunteer force serves the needs 
of our communities and extends the mission of 
The Home Depot Foundation.
Read more about Team Depot beginning on 
page 76.
Overview Focus on Our People Operate Sustainably Strengthen Our Communities Responsible Business Practices Appendices
The Home Depot ESG Report | Fiscal 2023 7
Doing the 
Right Thing
Building Strong 
Relationships
Excellent 
Customer 
Service
Giving Back
Respect for 
All People
Taking 
Care of 
Our People
Entrepreneurial 
Spirit
Creating 
Shareholder 
Value


--- PAGE 8 ---

OUR ESG PROGRAM AT-A-GLANCE
ESG Pillars
We focus on our three key pillars of ESG to help us prioritize the areas in our value chain where we can have the greatest impact. 
We are also committed to responsible business practices around topics such as compliance and ethics, human rights, data security 
and privacy, political involvement and corporate taxes.
We believe our work to operate a sustainable business for our stakeholders supports many of the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (UN SDGs). Adopted by all 
United Nations Member States in 2015, the UN SDGs provide a global shared global blueprint for peace and prosperity for people and the planet. Our goals and efforts across 
our three key ESG pillars, supported by our commitment to responsible business practices, align with eleven SDGs.
Focus on
Our People
Representative Topics
° Pay equity (page 28)
° Associate safety (page 32)
° Training and development (page 37)
° Enhanced maternity-related benefits 
(page 40)
° No-cost healthy life benefits (page 41)
UN SDGs
Operate
Sustainably
Representative Topics
° Carbon emissions reduction (page 45)
° Renewable energy (page 47)
° Energy-saving products (page 50)
° Sustainable forestry (page 51)
° Circularity (page 53)
° Water Sense products (page 61)
° Responsible chemistry (page 62)
° Eco Actions program (page 64)
UN SDGs
Strengthen
Our Communities
Representative Topics
° Retool Your School (page 73)
° Supplier diversity (page 74)
° Affordable housing for veterans (page 76)
° Careers for transitioning veterans (page 79)
° Path to Pro trades training (page 80)
° Disaster relief (page 81)
UN SDGs
Overview Focus on Our People Operate Sustainably Strengthen Our Communities Responsible Business Practices Appendices
The Home Depot ESG Report | Fiscal 2023 8

--- PAGE 9 ---

2023 Ratings & Recognition
Leading third-party sustainability rating organizations monitor and report on our progress. Below are some of our key ratings in 2023.
Assesses disclosure and performance 
on environmental topics; scores are 
based on 2022 data, the latest available
Measures ESG risk and 
performance of publicly 
traded companies
Analyzes corporate 
ESG progress
Measures resilience to 
long-term, financially 
relevant ESG risks
Climate Change
Identifies The Home Depot 
as demonstrating leadership 
for taking action on 
climate change
Forests
Identifies The Home Depot 
as having awareness of how 
its operations affect people 
and ecosystems
On a scale of 0-5; we rank 
better than the industry 
average of 2.5
ESG risks are low compared to 
the industry
Second-highest rating; 
positions us as an industry 
leader in key ESG areas
Here are some of the organizations that recognized our efforts in 2023.
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
ENERGY STAR®
U.S. Retail Partner 
of the Year - 
Sustained 
Excellence
ENERGY STAR 
Canada - 2023 
National Retailer of 
the Year
Forbes
No. 59 - World’s 
Best Employers
Fortune’s World’s 
Most Admired 
Companies 
No. 1 in Specialty 
Retail
No. 19 Overall
SmartWay High 
Performer
WaterSense 
Partner of the 
Year Award
Safer Choice 
Partner of the 
Year Award
EPA’s Green Power 
Partnership
2023 Green Power 
Leadership Award 
Winner
No. 7 - Retail
No. 48 - Top 100 
Partners
Military Friendly®
Military Friendly 
Bronze Employer
Military Friendly 
Spouse Employer
Military Friendly 
Company
Supplier Diversity 
Program
Overview Focus on Our People Operate Sustainably Strengthen Our Communities Responsible Business Practices Appendices
The Home Depot ESG Report | Fiscal 2023 9


--- PAGE 10 ---

2023 Highlights
Our Core Values guide how we focus on our people, operate sustainably and strengthen our communities. They also provide a 
benchmark for measuring progress. These highlights reflect progress made in 2023.
Focus on
Our People
More than
90%
of our U.S. store 
leaders started as 
hourly associates
Approximately 
34%
of our U.S. new hires 
were women, and 58%  
were ethnically/racially 
diverse
Named #1 Most 
Admired Specialty 
Retailer by Fortune 
Magazine
Operate
Sustainably
Recognized as ENERGY STAR Retail
Partner of the Year
for Sustained Excellence
Entered into an agreement with Georgia 
Power to purchase renewable electricity, 
which will provide the equivalent of
~70%
of the annual electricity needs of our Store 
Support Center (corporate office)
Redesigned
~280
private-brand packages
to reduce size and materials, which helped 
us eliminate 
>39M square feet
of PVC film – enough to cover more than 
513 soccer fields
Strengthen
Our Communities
The Home Depot Foundation granted
>$86 million
in total during 2023
The Home Depot Foundation contributed 
more than
$500 million
towards veteran causes since 2011 and now 
pledges to invest $750 million by 2030
Home Depot’s Retool Your School program 
increased its annual grants to
$4 million
Since 2011, Team Depot has volunteered
~1.6 million
service hours to veteran causes
Overview Focus on Our People Operate Sustainably Strengthen Our Communities Responsible Business Practices Appendices
The Home Depot ESG Report | Fiscal 2023 10
90%
34%

--- PAGE 11 ---

Canada
The Home Depot began operating in Canada in 1994. Today, we operate 182 stores across all 10 Canadian provinces.
Focus on Our People
We are committed to providing an environment 
that is and feels, safe, respectful and inclusive to 
all people. The Home Depot was again ranked 
one of Canada’s top diversity employers in 2023 
by Canada's Best Diversity Employers, for the 
14th consecutive year.
~33,800
associates wore 
the orange apron in 
Canada in 2023
 ~495,000
hours of associate 
training in 2023
 ~1,699,700
courses taken by 
associates in 2023
5 
associate resource groups 
represent and support our 
associates 
The Home Depot Canada ARGs
Our associate resource groups (ARGs) are led by associates and sponsored by executive leaders. In 2023, we hosted several ARG 
events virtually to celebrate diversity, raise cultural awareness and foster professional development. We also hosted 22 Diversity, Equity 
and Inclusion (DEI) roundtable conversations, each sponsored by an ARG and the DEI team. Each ARG has a mission:
 
Orange Mosaic: to act as a resource for The Home Depot and our associates by encouraging intercultural 
understanding through celebration, education and providing culturally specific insight to drive individual and 
business growth.
 
Orange Women’s Network: to promote professional growth for women at The Home Depot through 
networking, development activities and community outreach.
 
Orange Pride: to celebrate lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (2SLGBTQIA+) associates and allies by 
creating an inclusive environment built on the foundation of acceptance, community and understanding.
 
Orange Ability: to foster an inclusive environment at The Home Depot where people of all different abilities are 
able to achieve success and reach their full potential.
 
Orange Circle: to create resources, networks and learning for The Home Depot to grow its relationships with 
Indigenous communities.
Overview Focus on Our People Operate Sustainably Strengthen Our Communities Responsible Business Practices Appendices
The Home Depot ESG Report | Fiscal 2023 11


--- PAGE 12 ---

Canada 
Operate Sustainably
Here are a few ways we improved sustainability in 2023.
Waste and Recycling
We recycled over
13,400 metric tons
of cardboard, 400 metric tons of plastic and
33 metric tons of EPS from our stores and
distribution centers.
We collected over
461,900 pounds
of single-use and rechargeable batteries 
for responsible recycling via our customer 
take-back program.
 
We provided over
210,000 pounds
of shredded paper for recycling in 2023, 
preserving over 2,500 trees and saving over 200,000 
gallons of water.1 
Energy Savings
We completed exterior 
LED retrofits at
39 stores,
bringing our total to
147 stores,
helping to reduce our 
stores’ energy consumption.
We decreased 
store electricity 
use by
46%
over the last 10 
years. See how this 
contributes to our 
total company 
efforts on page 45.
Overview Focus on Our People Operate Sustainably Strengthen Our Communities Responsible Business Practices Appendices
The Home Depot ESG Report | Fiscal 2023 12


--- PAGE 13 ---

Canada
The Home Depot Canada Foundation’s strategic partnerships:
Strengthen Our Communities
The Home Depot Canada Foundation is committed to preventing 
and ending youth homelessness in Canada. Through community 
partnerships, we aim to break down the systemic barriers that 
youth face and help them achieve healthy pathways out of 
homelessness. By 2030, The Home Depot Canada Foundation 
plans to invest CA$125 million in creating new paths for youth 
at risk of or experiencing homelessness.
In 2023, we supported
>180
organizations and invested CA$10.4 million, bringing our total 
to over CA$70 million invested against our 2030 pledge.
In 2023, The Home Depot Canada’s customer-supported 
The Orange Door Project campaign donated
~CA$2.27 million
to charitable organizations with renovation, prevention, and 
employment and life skills programs, designed to end 
youth homelessness. 
Check it out
In 2023, over
5,780
associates volunteered 45,000+ hours to Team Depot projects 
across Canada, supporting 165 charity partners and providing an 
additional CA$292,000+ in funding.
The Home Depot Canada recently issued its Canadian Supply Chains Act report. Building on 
the more than 15 years of The Home Depot’s Responsible Sourcing program, this report 
outlines the steps The Home Depot Canada takes to prevent and reduce the risk that forced 
labor or child labor is used in its supply chain. For more information on The Home Depot’s 
Responsible Sourcing program, please see our annual Responsible Sourcing report.
Overview Focus on Our People Operate Sustainably Strengthen Our Communities Responsible Business Practices Appendices
The Home Depot ESG Report | Fiscal 2023 13


--- PAGE 14 ---

Mexico2
During 2023, The Home Depot Mexico celebrated 22 years. Today we operate 138 stores across all 32 states.
Focus on Our People Operate Sustainably Strengthen Our Communities
In 2023, we employed approximately 17,800 
associates who proudly wear the orange apron.
In 2023, we joined the rest of the organization 
in finding new ways to drive sustainability 
across the organization.
Our Company donated
~74 million
pesos (US >$4.0 million) 
in merchandise to 
nonprofit organizations.
Our customers donated
~33 million
pesos (US >$1.7 million) 
during our Round Up 
fundraising drives for 
charitable causes.
160+
scholarships were 
awarded to children 
of associates.
1,020+
associates received 
Orange Fund grants.
860,900+
wooden pallets 
reused
Recycled
1 million+
pounds of plastic
~1,078,000
hours of career training courses were 
completed by associates.
Eco Actions catalog offered
1,940+ products
Our associates completed 
590+
Team Depot projects focused on schools, public areas, 
community centers and people in need.
2023 Recognitions
We are honored to be recognized by the following organizations for our leadership in corporate social responsibility.
NMX-R-025-SCFI-2015 Igualdad Laboral y no Discriminación
Recognizes workplaces that adopt and comply with labor 
equality and nondiscrimination practices. Its main objective is 
for companies to integrate, implement and execute practices for 
labor equality and nondiscrimination that favor comprehensive 
development.
Empresa Socialmente Responsable
In 2023, living our values has allowed us to be recognized for our corporate 
social responsibility efforts for the 17th time in a row. This includes best 
practices in all our programs and our focus on maintaining sustainable 
relationships with our stakeholders to continue providing the best service.
Distintivo Empresa Comprometida con la inclusión Laboral de 
Personas con Discapacidad 2023
During 2023, The Home Depot was recognized with the certification 
Éntrale 2023 for the company’s constant commitment to inclusion for 
our associates and for working and strengthening the implementation 
of projects that work to hire and retain associates with disabilities.
Overview Focus on Our People Operate Sustainably Strengthen Our Communities Responsible Business Practices Appendices
The Home Depot ESG Report | Fiscal 2023 14

--- PAGE 15 ---

OUR APPROACH
Our corporate culture, business model and strategy drive sustainable outcomes and support value creation for our stakeholders. 
Our Board of Directors, senior management team and approximately 463,100 associates strive to create a responsible and 
sustainable company.
Our ESG Journey Stakeholder Engagement
We engage with key groups of internal and external 
stakeholders to ensure our business benefits the 
people and communities we serve, including our 
Associates, Customers, Academia, Suppliers, 
Communities, Investors, nongovernmental 
organizations (NGOs) and Governments. Our How We 
Engage table on page 16 details our forms of 
engagement with each group. 
The purpose of our stakeholder engagement is to help 
inform and validate our own priority assessment. By 
participating in dialogue with our stakeholders, we can 
gauge the impact of our business, refine our priorities, 
measure our progress and design ways to drive 
improvements. Overall, these efforts contribute to 
building a better business, workplace and world.
Our stakeholders can easily access relevant 
disclosures and information about our Company’s 
oversight and management of ESG matters on our 
Investor Relations page: ESG Investors. Our annual 
ESG Report incorporates the input and efforts of our 
ESG Governance Committee, shareholder feedback 
and recommendations from other stakeholders.
Overview Focus on Our People Operate Sustainably Strengthen Our Communities Responsible Business Practices Appendices
The Home Depot ESG Report | Fiscal 2023 15
Founded over forty years ago, The Home Depot aimed to become a one-stop shop for the do-it-yourself 
customer. Today, we are the largest home improvement retailer in the world, with more than 2,300 stores across 
North America. Our milestones throughout our history show how our unique culture and values continue to guide 
every decision we make. 
1978 1999 2010 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023
Adopted First 
Wood Purchasing 
Policy
Participated in 
Our First CDP 
Climate Survey
Set Targets for 
Scopes 1 and 2 
Carbon Emissions 
Reductions
Published Racial, 
Ethnic and Gender 
Diversity Report for 
U.S. Workforce
Disclosed ESG 
Activities as 
Informed by SASB 
and TCFD 
Frameworks
Disclosed Our 
Gender and 
Racial/Ethnic 
Pay Equity for U.S. 
Workforce
Rebranded Eco 
Options Website to 
Eco Actions to 
Include Supplier 
Sustainability and 
Customer 
Education
Began Providing 
Our EEO-1 Data 
Publicly
SBTi Validated 
Scopes 1&2 and 
Scope 3 (Category 
11) Emissions 
Reduction Targets
Participated in 
Our First CDP 
Forests Survey 
Published Our 
Sustainable 
Forestry Report 
Founded on 
our eight Core 
Values

--- PAGE 16 ---

How We Engage
Academia
 ° Partner with universities to develop programs that support our priorities and help educate the next 
generation of business leaders.
° Access independent research on our industry to incorporate the latest insights into our business. 
Collaborate with us on customer trends and 
habits to aid our research.
Associates
 
° Conduct associate surveys to measure job satisfaction and engagement.
° Encourage our associates to raise concerns with their immediate managers. Associates may 
anonymously report concerns to our AwareLine or HR Service Center hotlines.
Empower us to be contributing team 
members of a values-based organization.
Communities
 ° Receive and respond to questions or concerns about our operations or products.
° Support the communities where we operate through The Home Depot Foundation and 
Team Depot.
Support me and my neighbors by making a 
positive difference in our community.
Customers
 ° Analyze digital customer feedback through annual store and digital channel transactions.
° Use customer satisfaction surveys to understand issues affecting our customers.
° Manage our customers’ needs through our Help and Customer Service Center. 
Be a global-impact conscious company, 
and provide products that help me reduce 
my home’s environmental impact.
Governments
° Participate in the political process in a bipartisan, transparent way and encourage our associates 
to do so as well.
° Work to optimize the impact of the government on our business through advocacy, 
relationship-building and political activity.
° Operate a bipartisan, employee-funded political action committee.
° Participate and engage with relevant trade associations.
Create partnerships with local, state and 
federal officials that help bridge industry 
innovation to public policy advancement.
Investors
 ° Engage with shareholders on a year-round basis. 
° Proactively engage our top 40 institutional shareholders, representing approximately 45% of 
outstanding shares, to discuss ESG topics. 
Tell us your primary risks and how you 
oversee them.
NGOs
 ° Meet with NGOs interested in our business practices and in partnering with The Home Depot 
Foundation.
° Take part in industry efforts to raise awareness about our shared ESG responsibilities.
Work with us to elevate our causes to 
action and progress.
Suppliers
 ° Collaborate with our vendors and suppliers to lessen our products’ environmental impact. 
° Partner with diverse suppliers to promote inclusive opportunities, innovation and local 
community-based economic growth. 
Give us an outlet to market innovative, 
sustainable products and a way to gather 
timely customer feedback.
STAKEHOLDERS HOW WE ENGAGE STAKEHOLDER PERSPECTIVES
Overview Focus on Our People Operate Sustainably Strengthen Our Communities Responsible Business Practices Appendices
The Home Depot ESG Report | Fiscal 2023 16

--- PAGE 17 ---

ESG Priority Touchpoints
KEY IMPACTED STAKEHOLDERS:
 
Academics 
& Educators
 
Associates
 
Community
 
Customers
 
Governments
 
Investors
 
Non-governmental
Organizations
 
Suppliers
ESG PRIORITY TOUCHPOINTS IMPACTS KEY IMPACTED STAKEHOLDERS
 
Focus on
Our People
Associate Development Training, education, promotion, support
Associate Well-Being Safety, health, wages, hours
 
Diversity, Equity 
and Inclusion
Associate engagement, workforce diversity, talent acquisition, associate 
resource groups
 
Governance Ethics, culture, data privacy and security, risk management
 
 
Operate
Sustainably
OPERATIONS
Energy Use Carbon emissions, supply chain
 
  
  
  
Hazardous Materials Handling, disposal
 
  
  
  
  
Waste Recycling, landfill, incineration
 
  
  
  
Water Use Responsible consumption
 
  
  
PRODUCTS
Eco Actions Water conservation, energy efficiency, responsible chemistry, 
sustainable forestry  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
End of Life Circularity, waste, recycling
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Transportation Carbon emissions
 
  
  
 
Strengthen Our 
Communities
Supplier Diversity Innovation, mentoring, business growth, networking
Community Support Trades training, veterans and military families, disaster response
 
Responsible
Business
Data Security & Privacy Privacy rights, data protection, cybersecurity, transparency
   
   
    
    
    
    
    
Government Relations Laws, regulations, lobbying, trade groups
   
    
    
    
Responsible Sourcing Third-party worker safety, health, wages, hours, unforced labor
   
    
    
Overview Focus on Our People Operate Sustainably Strengthen Our Communities Responsible Business Practices Appendices
The Home Depot ESG Report | Fiscal 2023 17

--- PAGE 18 ---

GOVERNANCE
To facilitate oversight and coordination of our ESG 
efforts across our business, we have two 
management-level cross-functional committees. In 
addition, our Board provides oversight of our ESG 
strategy, activities and reporting, principally through 
our Nominating and Corporate Governance (NCG) 
Committee, with support from our Leadership 
Development and Compensation (LDC) and 
Audit Committees.
The Board of Directors:
° Receives an annual report on our corporate social 
responsibility and sustainability strategy and 
activities, including a discussion of our ESG efforts, 
communications and reporting 
° Provides periodic review of ESG oversight structure 
° Receives quarterly reports from Committee chairs 
on ESG matters discussed at the Committee level, 
as well as quarterly updates on safety
° Held a separate meeting dedicated to covering a 
range of ESG matters in 2023
Corporate Governance 
Best Practices
In addition to ESG oversight, our Board of Directors 
has adopted policies and processes that foster 
effective oversight of critical matters such as strategy, 
risk management, financial and other controls, 
compliance and management succession planning. 
We have a long-standing commitment to strong 
corporate governance, which promotes the long-term 
interests of shareholders, strengthens Board and 
management accountability, and helps build public 
trust in the Company.
Commitment to Board Diversity
We believe that a diverse Board is essential to 
The Home Depot’s success and ability to serve our 
stakeholders. Our NCG Committee assesses the 
composition, including the diversity, of the Board at 
least annually and more frequently as needed, 
particularly when directors retire or depart from the 
Board and/or when considering new candidates. In 
early 2023, following the recent departure of two of 
our board members, we began actively considering 
the composition of our Board and the potential for 
candidates. As our Board refreshments over the years 
have demonstrated, we remain committed to ensuring 
that our Board maintains diversity of experience and 
perspectives. We provide detailed information about 
our approach to the diversity and refreshment process 
of our Board in our latest proxy statement.
Learn More
Our proxy statement and Corporate Governance 
Overview offer more details about our corporate 
governance practices, including:
° Shareholder Protections
° Board Engagement and Oversight
° Board Committees
° Board Leadership Structure
Overview Focus on Our People Operate Sustainably Strengthen Our Communities Responsible Business Practices Appendices
The Home Depot ESG Report | Fiscal 2023 18


--- PAGE 19 ---

Board Committees
NCG Committee
° Has primary responsibility for oversight of ESG matters generally, such as 
climate-, biodiversity-, safety-related matters and their alignment with 
business priorities 
° Reviews and makes recommendations to the Board, as appropriate, 
regarding our ESG practices and operational initiatives 
° Oversees responsible sourcing program and related supply chain risks 
° Oversees corporate political activity, including political spending and 
payments to trade associations 
° Oversees customer, associate and product safety
° Receives reports on ESG shareholder engagement, investor feedback and 
general ESG-related developments
LDC Committee
° Oversees human capital management matters: 
– Compensation and benefits 
– Associate engagement, development and training 
– Pay equity
° Receives regular updates on DEI
Audit Committee
° Oversees risks related to data protection and cybersecurity 
° Oversees the financial and controls aspects of ESG
Management Committees
ESG Governance Committee
° Provides management-level oversight and coordination of ESG efforts
° Chaired by our Senior Vice President - Finance, Chief Accounting Officer 
and Controller and is composed of representatives across several business 
functions, including Communications, Corporate Governance, DEI, Finance, 
Government Relations, Human Resources, Internal Audit, Investor 
Relations, Legal, Sustainability and Tax 
° Meets quarterly, with working group members meeting more frequently 
as needed 
° Identifies key ESG-related issues and ensures that our ESG strategies 
support the business and long-term value creation 
Sustainability Council
° Chaired by our Senior Director of Sustainability and composed of 
representatives from different areas of the business, such as 
Merchandising, Operations, Supply Chain, Energy Management 
and Packaging
– Chair communicates stakeholder feedback internally
° Council meets twice a year 
° Chair provides updates and future opportunities to the Board on a periodic 
basis, or as requested 
Overview Focus on Our People Operate Sustainably Strengthen Our Communities Responsible Business Practices Appendices
The Home Depot ESG Report | Fiscal 2023 19

--- PAGE 20 ---

RISK MANAGEMENT
Board Oversight
The Company has a robust framework designed 
to identify and ensure proper management of 
risk, including risk related to our ability to 
operate responsibly and sustainably. The 
framework that we use to identify and manage 
risk considers a number of enterprise-level 
issues, including competitive environment, 
brand and reputation, regulatory and 
compliance and security. It also considers 
external and internal factors that could distract 
the Company from our business or disrupt our 
strategic objectives.
The Board oversees risk through this 
framework, with oversight accomplished by 
identifying key risks and mapping them to the 
appropriate Board committee or the full Board. 
Our Board reviews these key risks and the 
related framework annually, and the full Board 
or appropriate Board committees discuss 
selected risks in more detail throughout the 
year. This table identifies key risk areas 
overseen by the Board and its committees. 
Going forward, our Board will continue to 
assess its oversight structure and make 
adjustments as appropriate.
Overview Focus on Our People Operate Sustainably Strengthen Our Communities Responsible Business Practices Appendices
The Home Depot ESG Report | Fiscal 2023 20
Board of Directors
FULL BOARD
° Has primary responsibility for 
risk oversight, including approval 
of strategic objectives and 
defining risk appetite
° Delegates oversight of management 
of certain risks to Board committees
° Receives regular reports from 
the committees regarding 
risk-related matters
Audit Finance LDC Committee NCG Committee
° Overall risk 
assessment and 
management
° Financial exposures, 
statements, controls, 
systems and reporting
° Regulatory and 
compliance, including 
FCPA/anti-bribery and 
our whistleblower 
program
° Data protection and 
cybersecurity
° Internal audit and 
related investigatory 
matters
° Financial and controls 
aspects of ESG-related 
disclosures
° Long-range 
strategic planning
° Long-range financial 
outlook and finance-
related risks
° Capital structure, 
including investments 
and capital allocation 
principles
° Annual capital plan and 
key capital investments
° Merger and acquisition 
strategy
° Tax strategy
° Senior executive 
compensation
° Senior executive 
succession planning
° Overall risk related to 
the Company’s 
compensation policies 
and practices
° Human capital 
management
° Non-employee 
director compensation
° Pay equity and DEI
° Corporate governance
° Director succession 
planning and board 
composition
° Corporate social 
responsibility, 
environmental, and 
responsible sourcing 
initiatives, risks 
and opportunities
° Policies on political 
activity, including 
political spending and 
payments to trade 
associations
° Related-person 
transactions
° Safety matters with 
respect to associates, 
customers and 
products

--- PAGE 21 ---

ESG Priority Assessment
We continually assess, monitor and respond to ESG 
issues that we identify or our stakeholders raise 
as priority issues as part of our enterprise risk 
management (ERM) framework. We engage relevant 
internal departments for recommendations and gain 
additional insights through topical research, data 
collection and stakeholder engagement. Based on 
this information, we select from a range of possible 
responses and communicate the changes we have 
made through internal and external communication 
channels. Possible responses include (a) educating 
the concerned stakeholders, (b) modifying our current 
approach, (c) reviewing and monitoring our approach 
or (d) exiting the approach. In cases where we modify 
or review and monitor a program, we use goal-setting 
or other processes to ensure meaningful progress. 
Climate Resilience and 
Business Continuity
The Home Depot integrates its climate-related risk 
assessment into its company-wide ERM process. 
Several departments, including Merchandising, 
Operations, Supply Chain, Information Technology, 
Government Relations, Human Relations and Legal, 
with ongoing consultation with the Sustainability 
Council, analyze short-term, medium-term and 
long-term climate change risks and opportunities 
identified both internally and externally. As 
appropriate, these matters are also elevated to our 
Board of Directors and/or NGC Committee. Some of 
our specific actions include:
Operations
We have business continuity plans to respond to 
sudden severe weather events or natural disasters 
that could disrupt our store operations by affecting 
the safety of our associates and customers or 
damaging property. 
At the first indicator of events meeting these criteria, 
we activate our Disaster Command Center team to 
take immediate action to support the impacted 
associates, communities and stores. An appropriate 
number of associates at the event location are 
assembled to respond, monitor the event and report 
to our Disaster Command Center. In addition to 
information from associates, the Center monitors 
warnings and reports from the National Weather 
Service and state and federal agencies. For the 
duration of the event, we operate our Center from 
7 a.m. to 7 p.m., and its staff are placed on-call 24/7. 
Merchandising
Our Merchandising team monitors the sales of 
products related to severe weather events or natural 
disaster preparation or recovery, such as lumber, 
HVAC equipment, generators, insulation and 
landscape plants on a monthly basis. We then adjust 
inventory and messaging to ensure customers can 
access the supplies and materials they need to 
prepare for or respond to disasters. Our 
Merchandising team provides periodic updates to the 
Sustainability Council about potential product-related 
risks and opportunities.
Systems Continuity
We are improving our resilience to drier and hotter 
weather conditions with upgrades to the HVAC 
systems in our stores. We also have back-up 
generators on-site at a majority of our stores to 
respond to emergency power outages capable of 
meeting the energy needs of our primary systems.
Overview Focus on Our People Operate Sustainably Strengthen Our Communities Responsible Business Practices Appendices
The Home Depot ESG Report | Fiscal 2023 21


--- PAGE 22 ---

OUR STRATEGY
Our ESG priorities build on the culture 
and values that The Home Depot was 
founded on more than 40 years ago. 
These priorities encompass our social 
responsibility and sustainability 
initiatives, which are embedded in our 
business strategy and activities. We 
believe our Core Values and ESG 
priorities make our business stronger, 
more agile and more resilient, while also 
supporting value creation for our 
business, shareholders and 
other stakeholders.
Our long-term strategy focuses on providing the 
best customer experience in home improvement 
and offering the right products and the best value 
to our customers. 
To execute our strategy, we look to build a culture 
that attracts and retains the best talent, while also 
creating a working environment that allows our 
associates to excel.
We also strive to have the right assortment of 
products and work to offer products that minimize 
our environmental impact, which leads us to engage 
with our suppliers on a number of topics and issues 
including carbon emissions reductions, sustainable 
forestry and responsible chemistry.
Overview Focus on Our People Operate Sustainably Strengthen Our Communities Responsible Business Practices Appendices
The Home Depot ESG Report | Fiscal 2023 22
UPSTREAM
 
Raw Materials
 
Product
Manufacturing
 
Sustainability
° Sustainable Forestry ° Supplier Diversity Program
° Strategic Supplier 
Sustainability Goals
° Responsible Chemistry
° Circularity and Sustainable 
Packaging
° Energy- and Water-Saving 
Products
OUR OPERATIONS
 
Sourcing and 
Distribution
 
Associates
 
Store 
Operations
 
Store Support 
Centers
° Efficient Distribution 
Centers and 
Warehouses
° Optimized 
Transportation
° Responsible Sourcing
° Diversity, Equity and 
Inclusion (DEI) and 
Pay Equity
° Competitive Wages 
and Benefits
° Learning and 
Development
° Associate Engagement
° The Homer Fund
° Carbon Emissions 
Reduction 
° Energy and Water 
Efficiency
° Associate Safety 
° Hazardous Materials 
Disposal
° Corporate 
Governance 
° Data Security and 
Privacy 
° Government 
Relations 
° Corporate Taxes 
° Business Code of 
Conduct and Ethics
DOWNSTREAM
 
Customers
 
End of Life
 
Communities
° Eco Actions Program/Products 
° Tool and Equipment Rental
° Path to Pro
° Recycling
° Responsible Waste Management
° The Home Depot Foundation 
° Team Depot

--- PAGE 23 ---

OUR TARGETS AND PROGRESS
The Home Depot sets goals to drive progress, benefiting our associates, customers, suppliers and communities, as well as 
our Company.
 
Active Goals
Focus on Our People
GLOBAL IMPACT: LEADERSHIP AND DEVELOPMENT (PAGES 37-38) GOAL DATE3
Invest 10 million hours of training to frontline associates and 2.5 million hours of leadership training to leaders supporting their career growth and skill development by 2028 2028
Create 75,000 career advancement opportunities for frontline associates over a five-year period 2028
Operate Sustainably
GLOBAL IMPACT: CLIMATE AND ENERGY REDUCTION | CARBON EMISSIONS REDUCTION (PAGES 45-50) GOAL DATE
Reduce absolute Scopes 1 and 2 emissions 42% by 2030, from a 2020 base year (SBTi validated) 4 2030
 
Reduce absolute Scope 3 Category 11 “Use of Sold Products” emissions 42% by 2030, from the 2020 base year (SBTi validated) 2030
90% of forklifts in our major U.S. distribution centers will be hydrogen-powered by 2029 5 2029
85% of U.S. & Canadian sales in push mowers and handheld outdoor lawn equipment (combined) in store and online (combined) will be in rechargeable battery technology by 2028 2028
Produce/procure 100% renewable electricity equivalent to the electricity needs for all Home Depot facilities worldwide by 2030 2030
GLOBAL IMPACT: OUR PRODUCTS AND THE PLANET
RESPONSIBLE CHEMISTRY (PAGES 62-63) | CARBON EMISSIONS REDUCTION (PAGES 45-50) | WATER CONSERVATION (PAGES 60-61) | CIRCULARITY (PAGES 53-59)
 Motivate top-tier strategic suppliers to have a business-relevant publicly stated sustainability goal by 20256 2025
Help customers save $600 million in energy costs through the purchase and proper use of ENERGY STAR products by 2026, with a start year of 2023 2026
Help customers reduce water use by 100 billion gallons by 2026, with a start year of 2023 2026
All new private-brand patio and home decor products will exclude added PFAS chemicals by 20257 2025
All private-brand fiber packaging for new SKUs will be compostable, recyclable, or recycled content8 By start of 2027
Reduce or convert to more sustainable materials 200 million pounds of plastic used in products by 2028, with a start year of 2020 2028
Strengthen Our Communities
GLOBAL IMPACT: SUPPLIER DIVERSITY (PAGES 74-75) AND VETERAN SUPPORT (PAGE 76-78) GOAL DATE
 
The Home Depot Foundation expands its commitment to veteran causes by an incremental $250 million, growing our commitment to $750 million since 2011 2030
The Home Depot Foundation plans to invest $50 million to train skilled tradespeople, including veterans 2028
Overview Focus on Our People Operate Sustainably Strengthen Our Communities Responsible Business Practices Appendices
The Home Depot ESG Report | Fiscal 2023 23

--- PAGE 24 ---

 
Achieved Goals
Focus on Our People
GLOBAL IMPACT: LEADERSHIP AND DEVELOPMENT (PAGES 37-38) GOAL DATE
Expanded associate resource groups to include more associates and increase engagement and participation 2021
Invested more than 1 million hours per year over five years in training and development to help our frontline associates grow their careers 2022
Created career advancement opportunities for 50,000 frontline associates over a five-year period 2023
Operate Sustainably
GLOBAL IMPACT: OUR PRODUCTS AND THE PLANET
RESPONSIBLE CHEMISTRY (PAGES 62-63) | CARBON EMISSIONS REDUCTION (PAGES 45-50) | WATER CONSERVATION (PAGES 60-61) | CIRCULARITY (PAGES 53-59) GOAL DATE
Removed ortho-phthalates from vinyl flooring 2016
Reduced formaldehyde levels in laminate/engineered flooring 2017
Implemented additional requirements regarding tropical deforestation standards 2018
Eliminated certain chemicals in carpet 2018
Eliminated certain chemicals in insulation 2018
Eliminated neonicotinoids from live goods, except where legally required 2019
20% reduction in U.S. store kilowatt-hour electricity use, compared to 2010 levels 2020
Helped reduce customers’ greenhouse gas emissions by 20 million metric tons (since 2017) 2020
Helped customers save $2.8 billion on utility bills through energy-efficient products (since 2017) 2020
Helped reduce consumers’ water use by 250 billion gallons (since 2017) 2020
Eliminated certain chemicals in paint 2020
Eliminated certain intentionally added chemicals from residential household cleaning products 2022
Exclude expanded polystyrene (EPS) foam and polyvinyl chloride (PVC) film from new private-brand packaging9 2023
Procured/produced 335 megawatts of renewable or alternative energy capacity 2025
Strengthen Our Communities
GLOBAL IMPACT: SUPPLIER DIVERSITY (PAGES 74-75) AND VETERAN SUPPORT (PAGE 76-78) GOAL DATE
The Home Depot Foundation plans to contribute $500 million to veteran causes with a focus on housing 2025
The Home Depot Foundation trained 20,000 skilled tradespeople, including veterans 2028
Overview Focus on Our People Operate Sustainably Strengthen Our Communities Responsible Business Practices Appendices
The Home Depot ESG Report | Fiscal 2023 24

--- PAGE 25 ---

 
Overview Focus on Our People Operate Sustainably Strengthen Our Communities Responsible Business Practices Appendices
The Home Depot ESG Report | Fiscal 2023 25
We focus on our people by striving for a 
culture centered on The Home Depot’s Core 
Value of Respect for All People, where all 
associates are celebrated and have equal 
opportunities to grow. We believe our 
approximately 463,100 associates are our 
greatest asset, and they differentiate us in 
the marketplace.
Focus on Our People
Diversity, Equity and Inclusion 27
Associate Safety 32
Associate Engagement 34
The Homer Fund 36
Learning & Development 37
Benefits 39

--- PAGE 26 ---

FOCUS ON OUR PEOPLE
“Leadership means focusing 
on our people. We do this by 
developing them, inspiring 
them, respecting them 
and celebrating them. We 
understand that this emotional 
connection with our associates 
is what creates exceptional 
experiences for 
our customers.”
HECTOR PADILLA,
Executive Vice President, 
U.S. Stores & Operations
 
After beginning his career with The 
Home Depot more than 29 years ago as 
an associate serving customers in the 
aisles of our stores, Hector is 
committed to developing our associates 
so they may have the same 
opportunities that he, and so many 
other dedicated associates have 
experienced throughout their careers.
Overview Focus on Our People Operate Sustainably Strengthen Our Communities Responsible Business Practices Appendices
The Home Depot ESG Report | Fiscal 2023 26
The Home Depot is a people-centered business where our customers benefit from 
positive interactions with our associates. We aim to create a welcoming and safe 
work culture where our associates can openly contribute their ideas and build 
long-term careers. Our associates are vital to building a strong internal culture 
centered on delivering an excellent customer experience.
Our approach to achieving a strong customer experience focus on: people, purpose and culture.
People Purpose Culture
We provide an environment 
where people are inspired to 
come to work every day to serve 
our customers. Whether it’s an 
associate on the floor of one of 
our stores or an associate who 
helps make sure online 
transactions run smoothly, each 
person is critical to creating a 
customer experience that 
attracts people to shop with us.
Our purpose is a relentless 
focus on our customers so we 
can grow our business. As 
a business, the only way we 
can continue to create new 
opportunities for our 
associates is to grow the 
Company.
We work to create an 
environment where people can 
be their best selves and know 
they have opportunities to grow. 
This type of culture allows 
associates to develop their 
careers and create a great life  
for themselves and 
their families.
We develop our people strategy with the awareness that our associates are a trusted resource, necessary for our 
customers to access our full suite of products and services. This is why we commit to investing in our associates’ 
wages and benefits, while providing tools, training and development opportunities that make their work simpler 
and more fulfilling. We prioritize the well-being of our associates through our DEI programs, our associate safety 
practices and our engagement activities.
Our investments in our people are also made through a business lens - they are designed to increase job 
satisfaction and tenure, which in turn raises customer satisfaction.


--- PAGE 27 ---

DIVERSITY, EQUITY AND INCLUSION
We strive to ensure that our company culture maintains a diverse, equitable and inclusive environment so that we can attract and 
retain the best employees, amplify their unique experiences and ideas, and strengthen the communities where we operate.
Our DEI program seeks continual improvement 
through strategic action, review of practices and 
reporting of our initiatives. These actions support our 
business objectives by promoting associate 
satisfaction and retention, community partnerships 
and innovation across our value chain. Guided by our 
Core Value of Respect for All People, we also seek to 
foster equitable pay and promotion opportunities 
within our Company.
Our Values
We are committed to promoting our values within the 
organization and within the communities we are proud 
to serve. We know that Doing the Right Thing each 
and every day for our associates, customers, 
suppliers, service providers and the communities we 
serve is critical to our ongoing success. We believe 
this commitment has been a competitive advantage 
and key to our long-term success, which is why we 
continue to build a culture of understanding, 
acceptance and appreciation.
We believe that all people should be treated with 
dignity and respect. Our Core Values and focus on 
DEI shape the expectations outlined in our Business 
Code of Conduct. We define DEI as:
° Diversity: Characteristics of people that define their 
similarities and differences
° Equity: Norms, practices and policies in place that 
ensure just and fair opportunities and outcomes, 
allowing individuals to reach their full potential
° Inclusion: How we embrace and enable our 
associates to feel safe, respected, engaged, 
motivated and valued for who they are and 
their contributions
Key Areas of Focus
As the largest home improvement retailer in the world, 
we leverage our conviction, capabilities and tools to 
make a difference for all our stakeholders. We know 
this work is an ongoing journey in an ever-changing 
environment, which is why we continue to prioritize 
listening and learning from our associates and 
community partners, provide equal opportunities for 
all associates and business partners and hold 
ourselves accountable to look for new ways to 
make progress.
We focus on three key areas to create meaningful 
change through thoughtful actions that align with all 
eight of our Core Values.
Associate Engagement
 
Consider inclusivity throughout our 
organization and create an environment where 
every associate feels included and valued for 
who they are
 
Promote equal opportunity in recruitment, 
hiring, training, development and advancement
Supplier Diversity
 
Increase visibility into our spend with diverse 
suppliers, including diverse subcontractors
 
Increase the pipeline of diverse suppliers to be 
considered for engagement
Community Engagement
 
 
Partner with organizations on programs 
designed to nurture and grow successful 
businesses
 
Support programs that advance education 
for all
Overview Focus on Our People Operate Sustainably Strengthen Our Communities Responsible Business Practices Appendices
The Home Depot ESG Report | Fiscal 2023 27

--- PAGE 28 ---

DEI Highlights
Over the years, our dedicated DEI team has found 
ways to engage more of our associates around 
important DEI topics. In 2023, our team continued to 
expand its impact:
° Refreshed our DEI learning curriculum to drive 
awareness and support ongoing learning 
and development
° Increased associate engagement in our DEI Viva 
Engage community, which ranks 23rd out of 1,100 
communities for associate engagement 
° Invested in needs-based programs, including 
innovation lounge renovations and community 
projects as part of our Retool Your School program
° Increased spend with veteran-owned suppliers by 
approximately 20% year-over-year
Learn more about how we work with our community 
partners across the nation and how supporting diverse 
suppliers benefits our Company and our communities, 
beginning on pages 72. 
Our People: Pay Equity
The Home Depot’s commitment to Doing the Right 
Thing and Taking Care of Our People extends to our 
pay practices. To ensure that we are paying our 
associates fairly, our long-standing practice has been 
to conduct an annual analysis of our pay and 
compensation practices for our U.S. associates, who 
comprise approximately 89%  of our workforce, in 
consultation with expert third-party firms following 
industry-leading standards.
Our review of our U.S. associates’ total W-2 
compensation for calendar year 2023 includes base 
pay, cash bonuses and stock, and adjusts for relevant 
factors such as tenure, position, location and hours 
worked. Our findings showed that U.S. associates 
who identified as female earned approximately 101%  
of what male associates earned, and associates who 
identified as members of a racial or ethnic minority 
earned approximately 100%  of what non-minority 
associates earned.
Not adjusting for those factors, our analysis showed 
that the median annualized W-2 pay for U.S. 
associates who identified as female was 98%  of the 
median for men, and the median pay for racial/ethnic 
minority associates in the U.S. was 97%  of the 
median for non-minority associates. The LDC 
Committee of the Board of Directors, which is tasked 
with providing oversight of our human capital 
management strategy and our diversity and inclusion 
efforts, receives regular updates on these findings. 
We will continue to strive to ensure equal pay across 
our organization.
Overview Focus on Our People Operate Sustainably Strengthen Our Communities Responsible Business Practices Appendices
The Home Depot ESG Report | Fiscal 2023 28
MISSION STATEMENT
The Home Depot ignites the doer in all of us to 
build a culture of understanding, acceptance 
and appreciation.
VISION STATEMENT
The Home Depot is building a more diverse, 
equitable and inclusive organization, within our 
enterprise and the communities we are proud 
to serve. Grounded in our Core Values, we have 
the conviction, capabilities and tools to make a 
difference for our associates, community 
partners and suppliers.
Home Depot’s U.S. Pay Equity Results
WOMEN RELATIVE TO MEN
RACIAL/ETHNIC MINORITY ASSOCIATES RELATIVE TO 
NON-MINORITY ASSOCIATES
Unadjusted Pay Equity 98% 97%
Adjusted Pay Equity 101% 100%
“The Home Depot was built over 
40 years ago on eight Core 
Values. The diversity of our 
workforce is a reflection of those 
Core Values, and we work 
diligently to foster a welcoming 
and inclusive environment 
for everyone.”
DEREK BOTTOMS
Chief Diversity Officer and 
Vice President of Associate 
Relations
 
We do not tolerate discrimination or 
harassment against any existing or 
potential associate regardless of race, 
color, sex (gender), sexual orientation, 
gender identity or expression, age, 
religion, national origin, disability, 
protected veteran or other uniformed 
service status or any other protected 
characteristic.

--- PAGE 29 ---

THE HOME DEPOT U.S. WORKFORCE BY RACE/
ETHNICITY11
Building a 
Diverse Workforce
We believe that having a diverse workforce and a 
culture where all our associates are valued and 
respected strengthens our competitive advantage. 
A comparison against U.S. Department of Labor data 
shows that our U.S. workforce is more ethnically 
diverse than the nation’s working population. The 
following charts reflect the demographics of The Home 
Depot’s U.S. workforce, who account for approximately 
89%  of our total workforce. Certain percentages may 
not sum to 100% due to rounding or some associates 
choosing not to self-identify by race/ethnicity 
or gender. A copy of our most recently filed EEO-1 
report can be found on our ESG Investors webpage.
U.S. WORKING POPULATION10
2023
2022
2021
2023
2022
2021
 THE HOME DEPOT U.S. WORKFORCE11, 12
2023
2022
2021
2023
2022
2021
Overview Focus on Our People Operate Sustainably Strengthen Our Communities Responsible Business Practices Appendices
The Home Depot ESG Report | Fiscal 2023 29
Underrepresented Minority Groups 49% White 49%
2023 2022 2021
Total Number of U.S. Associates:
2023: 411,200 2022: 418,900 2021: 437,000
Underrepresented Minority Groups 39% White 62%
Underrepresented Minority Groups 38% White 62%
Underrepresented Minority Groups 37% White 63%
Female 47% Male 53%
Female 47% Male 53%
Female 47% Male 53%
Underrepresented Minority Groups 48% White 50%
Underrepresented Minority Groups 48% White 50%
Female 37% Male 62%
Female 38% Male 62%
Female 38% Male 62%
n 48.8%  White
n 23.0%  Hispanic
n 18.2%  Black
n 3.3%  Asian
n 4.8%  Other
n 1.9%  Undisclosed
n 49.7%  White
n 22.2%  Hispanic
n 18.2%  Black
n 3.3%  Asian
n 4.8%  Other
n 1.8%  Undisclosed
n 50.0%  White
n 22.3%  Hispanic
n 17.9%  Black
n 3.1%  Asian
n 4.9%  Other
n 1.7%  Undisclosed

--- PAGE 30 ---

U.S. MANAGERS AND ABOVE11, 12, 13
(EXCLUDES OFFICER LEVEL)
2023
2022
2021
2023
2022
2021
Total Number of U.S. Managers and Above:
2023: 25,800 2022: 25,700 2021: 24,600
U.S. MANAGERS AND ABOVE BY RACE/ETHNICITY11, 13
 
U.S. OFFICERS11, 12
2023
2022
2021
2023
2022
2021
Total Number of U.S. Officers:
2023: 134 2022: 137 2021: 126
U.S. OFFICERS BY RACE/ETHNICITY11
Overview Focus on Our People Operate Sustainably Strengthen Our Communities Responsible Business Practices Appendices
The Home Depot ESG Report | Fiscal 2023 30
n 59.7%  White
n 16.2%  Hispanic
n 14.3%  Black
n 4.0%  Asian
n 4.6%  Other
n 1.2%  Undisclosed
n 60.4%  White
n 15.6%  Hispanic
n 14.4%  Black
n 4.0%  Asian
n 4.6%  Other
n 1.0%  Undisclosed
n 61.7%  White
n 15.3%  Hispanic
n 13.9%  Black
n 3.7%  Asian
n 4.6%  Other
n 0.8%  Undisclosed
n 73.9%  White
n 8.2%  Hispanic
n 7.5%  Black
n 7.5%  Asian
n 1.5%  Other
n 1.5%  Undisclosed
n 73.0%  White
n 7.3%  Hispanic
n 8.0%  Black
n 8.0%  Asian
n 2.2%  Other
n 1.5%  Undisclosed
n 72.2%  White
n 9.5%  Hispanic
n 10.3%  Black
n 5.6%  Asian
n 2.4%  Other
n 0%  Undisclosed
Underrepresented Minority Groups 39% White 60%
Underrepresented Minority Groups 39% White 60%
Underrepresented Minority Groups 38% White 62%
Female 35% Male 65%
Female 35% Male 65%
Female 34% Male 65%
Underrepresented Minority Groups 25% White 74%
Underrepresented Minority Groups 26% White 73%
Underrepresented Minority Groups 28% White 72%
Female 31% Male 68%
Female 29% Male 69%
Female 30% Male 70%
2023 2022 2021 202120222023

--- PAGE 31 ---

BOARD OF DIRECTORS
2023
2022
2021
2023
2022
2021
Total Number of Directors:
2023: 13 2022: 13 2021: 11
BOARD OF DIRECTORS BY RACE/ETHNICITY
2023
 2022
 2021
For additional information on our board composition, 
visit the Corporate Governance section of our website.
Overview Focus on Our People Operate Sustainably Strengthen Our Communities Responsible Business Practices Appendices
The Home Depot ESG Report | Fiscal 2023 31
n 69.2%  White
n 15.4%  Hispanic
n 15.4%  Black
n 69.2%  White
n 15.4%  Hispanic
n 15.4%  Black
n 72.7%  White
n 9.1%  Hispanic
n 18.2%  Black
Underrepresented Minority Groups 31% White 69%
Underrepresented Minority Groups 27% White 73%
Underrepresented Minority Groups 31% White 69%
Female 31% Male 69%
Female 31% Male 69%
Female 18% Male 82%
Check it out

--- PAGE 32 ---

ASSOCIATE SAFETY
Our people are our most important assets. By focusing on risk reduction through
engineering controls and associate training, we strive to keep our associates and
customers injury-free.
The Home Depot believes that Safety Takes Everyone, 
which means safety is a commitment that every 
associate makes. From the store manager to the 
newest hire, everyone contributes to maintaining a 
safe environment, and we ensure everyone is 
empowered to prioritize their own safety and the 
safety of others. We accomplish this by creating a 
strong culture of safety from day one, which includes 
the expectation that our associates follow all 
Occupational Safety and Health Administration 
(OSHA) standards and Company safety procedures.
We are committed to our Core Value of Taking Care of 
Our People, and that involves continuously reducing 
the risk of injuries and prioritizing the well-being of our 
associates and customers. We accomplish our safety 
goals through the dedication of our associates and 
leaders, and their continuous focus on safety is the 
key to our success.
Our commitment to safety also includes oversight 
from our Board of Directors. At each quarterly Board 
meeting, our directors receive an update on our safety 
initiatives and metrics. Beyond Taking Care of Our 
People, we are also mindful of the financial, 
operational and reputational impacts from safety 
incidents. Active Board oversight helps ensure we 
remain accountable and transparent.
Overview Focus on Our People Operate Sustainably Strengthen Our Communities Responsible Business Practices Appendices
The Home Depot ESG Report | Fiscal 2023 32
Did you know?
Angel Awards recognize associates who 
demonstrate heroism by providing aid to a 
customer or fellow associate in a life-threatening 
situation. While we never want associates to put 
themselves in danger, this award recognizes 
associates who demonstrate our Core Value of 
Doing The Right Thing, and whose actions 
demonstrate safety and protect the well-being of 
someone else. In 2023, we recognized 
60 associates.


--- PAGE 33 ---

Engineering Controls
Introducing engineering controls into our processes is 
key to ensuring workplace safety. By implementing 
these controls, we can mitigate risks and prevent 
incidents systemically through technology and 
physical barriers.
In 2023, we began investing in various dock safety 
trailer restraint systems to prevent trailers from 
accidentally pulling away from our dock doors before 
loading or unloading is complete. This investment 
aims to give our associates greater control over the 
unloading process, ensuring safety and efficiency. 
With these systems in place, associates can confirm 
from inside the receiving area that the restraints are 
properly engaged, and they'll receive alerts if there's 
any attempt to remove the controls.
These systems help provide peace of mind for our 
associates and demonstrate our commitment to 
ensuring a safe working environment.
This year, we also focused on addressing the mental 
well-being of our associates, expanding our safety 
efforts beyond just mitigating physical injuries to 
include a holistic approach. By recognizing and 
prioritizing mental well-being, we aim to foster a 
supportive environment where associates feel valued, 
heard and empowered to prioritize their mental health 
alongside their physical safety.
Empowerment
Through Training
Training is an essential element that contributes to the 
achievement of our safety initiatives. The engagement 
of our associates through training and awareness 
allows them to stay informed and vigilant. In 2023 
alone, our platform facilitated 3.4 million completed 
quizzes. The content of the training was particularly 
focused on our new hires, as well as addressing 
common types of injuries including overexertion and 
equipment-related incidents.
In 2023, we welcomed nearly 60,000 new associates 
to our All-Star program. This program recognizes 
associates who are achieving safety excellence by 
consistently participating in our safety program, 
InFocus, activities and quizzes and also offers added 
opportunities to share their feedback and insights 
about the InFocus program. This approach not only 
empowers associates by providing them a platform to 
voice their opinions but also ensures that the program 
remains relevant and tailored to the needs of 
our associates.
Recognition
and Celebration
Recognition and celebration play pivotal roles in 
fostering a safety culture in our stores. By 
acknowledging and rewarding the efforts of 
associates who prioritize safety we not only reinforce 
safety behaviors but also inspire others to follow suit 
and reinforce the notion that safety is a 
collective responsibility.
Safety Awareness Month is one of the most important 
events in safety and its main objective is to drive a 
strong safety culture across all businesses within The 
Home Depot through celebration, recognition and 
education. During this year’s event, we took the 
opportunity to honor our InFocus teams with prizes 
and encouraged all our associates to actively share 
their safety tips, fostering an environment of 
collaboration and knowledge-sharing. Also, this was 
the first year that we introduced Lift Equipment 
Operators Appreciation Week, aiming to acknowledge 
the invaluable contribution of these operators. To 
further engage and educate our associates, we 
provided them with a digital game and a safety photo 
frame, offering them the chance to learn and promote 
safety in an enjoyable and interactive setting.
These initiatives not only celebrate our commitment to 
safety but also reinforce the importance of prioritizing 
it in all aspects of our work.
In 2023, as a result of our awareness campaigns, we 
proudly recognized more than 400 stores that 
achieved Club 365 status, which demonstrates a 
store’s outstanding milestone of reaching 365 days on 
a rolling 12-month basis without a serious incident. 
These stores received a store celebration, apron 
patches and an award plaque in recognition of this 
m e a n i n g f u l   a c h i e v e m e n t .
Overview Focus on Our People Operate Sustainably Strengthen Our Communities Responsible Business Practices Appendices
The Home Depot ESG Report | Fiscal 2023 33
Lower Than the Average Rates
for Our Industry: 
RECORDABLE INCIDENT RATE
(per 200,000 hours)14
Work-related injury that typically warrants 
medical care beyond store-provided first aid
LOST TIME INCIDENT RATE
(per 200,000 hours)14
More significant injury that results in time 
away from work
2021
2022
2023
1.23
1.16
0.96
2021
2022
2023
4.25
4.08
3.23

--- PAGE 34 ---

ASSOCIATE ENGAGEMENT
Associate engagement, or the emotional connection associates have to our Company
and our goals, is the foundation of our culture and success.
Voice of the 
Associate Survey
Our highly engaged associates care about their work 
and the performance of The Home Depot. We are 
passionate about maintaining an engaging and 
inclusive workplace, and we do so by proactively 
engaging with our associates, while also listening and 
responding to their feedback.
In 2023, we again conducted our Voice of the 
Associate (VOA) survey, as well as our follow-up Pulse 
survey, for all our associates. Through questions like 
whether associates feel that they are treated with 
respect regardless of their background, and if 
associates feel that their work is connected to the 
goals of The Home Depot, the VOA survey provides 
an in-depth look at our associate’s engagement and 
satisfaction with their job, their leaders and 
the Company. 
Our survey provides the opportunity for leaders to 
review their teams’ feedback and respond to 
associate concerns. Many leaders discuss findings 
directly with their teams or use VOA committees – 
typically comprised of a diverse group of associates 
from a location or team – to gain a deeper 
understanding of survey feedback and ensure action 
plans are effective.
We also collect additional associate insights at 
different life cycle stages through onboarding and exit 
surveys. This feedback helps us to continuously 
improve as an enterprise.
While we are proud to have many emotionally 
engaged associates, this is an ongoing process, and 
we are committed to continually identifying associate 
concerns and opportunities to make The Home Depot 
a great place to work.
Engagement Platform
Our voluntary associate engagement platform – Viva 
Engage – helps associates celebrate and connect with 
each other anywhere, anytime.
In 2023, more than 400,200 associates across the 
U.S. and Canada had access to Viva Engage through 
on-site desktops and on-the-go mobile devices. As 
our associates continue to drive engagement, now 
with more than 900 active communities in the 
network, the digital hub links associates across North 
America. Viva Engage serves as a central hub for 
front-line and corporate associates to build 
connections and highlight their orange-blooded spirit.
Overview Focus on Our People Operate Sustainably Strengthen Our Communities Responsible Business Practices Appendices
The Home Depot ESG Report | Fiscal 2023 34
Did you know?
In 2023, Home Depot’s Viva Engage network 
held 11 of the top 100 Viva Engage ranked 
communities, out of nearly 5,000 active 
communities based on sentiment, activity and 
members, according to SWOOP Analytics.


--- PAGE 35 ---

Compensation 
Enhancements and
Success Sharing
At the beginning of 2023, we announced an 
approximately $1 billion investment in increased 
annualized compensation for our frontline hourly 
associates. These investments bring our starting rate 
to at least $15 an hour across the U.S., before 
benefits and cash performance awards. This also 
positions us favorably in the market, allowing us to 
improve customer service, attract and retain the most 
qualified talent, drive greater efficiency and 
productivity across the business, and improve 
safety broadly.
Our Core Value of Taking Care of Our People and 
motivating them to deliver a superior customer 
experience also shapes our profit-sharing program for 
our non-management associates. Success Sharing 
provides cash awards for performance against our 
business plan.
The program has granted awards totaling more than 
$1.3 billion to associates over the last three years. The 
performance of our associates in 2023 enabled 100% 
of stores to receive Success Sharing in both the first 
and second half of the year. This resulted in Success 
Sharing bonus payments to our non-management 
associates of approximately $206 million for fiscal 
2023. In addition, we increased our merit budgets for 
our salaried associates in 2023 to 3.5% and increased 
wages for our hourly associates by 4.0% or greater 
following our wage investments. We also continued 
our practice of making matching contributions under 
our FutureBuilder 401(k) Plan.
Technology Tools
We also know that competitive wages and benefits are 
just one piece of the associate experience. This is why 
we’ve also invested over the years in providing our 
associates with more helpful tools, training and 
development opportunities as we strive to create the 
best associate experience in retail.
We invest in our associates’ development and we 
continually aim to make the associate experience 
simpler and more effective. Initiatives like OrderUp, 
which simplified our order management process from 
dozens to one simpler and more intuitive system, or 
the rollout of our new hdPhone, which increases 
accessibility to many applications that provide real-
time support, are just a couple of the investments 
aimed at improving the associate experience.
Associate Resource Groups
Our associate resource groups (ARGs) promote our 
culture of inclusion, support diversity and help drive 
associate engagement.
Our ARGs are led by associates and sponsored by 
executive leaders. They drive engagement 
opportunities and promote inclusion across our 
Company through fostering professional development, 
raising cultural awareness, celebrating diversity and 
offering community outreach opportunities. They are a 
powerful resource for our associates to connect, and 
serve as a valuable link to maintaining a culture of 
inclusion for all associates.
We continue to focus on growing membership across 
our ARGs since we expanded Company-wide access 
to all associates in 2021, including in stores and 
distribution centers.
In 2023, we introduced our newest ARG, Tribe, which 
is open to all associates and works to celebrate the 
vibrant cultures and bring visibility to the histories and 
voices of our Native American associates.
Each of our now eight U.S. ARGs, which are open to 
all associates, aim to support the Company’s business 
objectives and policies, create diversity awareness 
and engage diverse community partners through 
volunteerism and Giving Back.
Overview Focus on Our People Operate Sustainably Strengthen Our Communities Responsible Business Practices Appendices
The Home Depot ESG Report | Fiscal 2023 35
Hispanic and Latino 
Associates
Associates with 
Disabilities
Military-Affiliated 
Associates
Asian and Pacific 
Islander Associates
LGBTQ+
Associates
African American 
Associates
Native American 
Associates
Women 
Associates

--- PAGE 36 ---

THE HOMER FUND
The majority of contributions to The 
Homer Fund come from associates. Every 
dollar donated by an associate helps an 
associate in need.
The Homer Fund was created in 1999 to help support 
associates in need. It now provides financial assistance 
to associates facing unexpected hardships, offers 
scholarships to associates’ children based on financial 
need and academic performance, and supports our 
people with financial information to help them prepare 
for emergencies.
Grant Programs
° Direct Grants help associates facing emergencies 
and tragic events, such as the death of a spouse, 
parent or child, natural disaster and more.
° Matching Grants are a unique way The Homer 
Fund recognizes the generosity of associates 
toward one another. When associates collect 
donations for an associate in need, their money is 
matched by The Homer Fund — $2 for every $1 
associates collect, up to $5,000 or the associate’s 
actual need. Matching Grants may be used for 
qualifying expenses that are ineligible for 
Direct Grants. 
Scholarships for 
Associates’ Children
The Homer Fund’s Orange Scholars Scholarship 
program offers scholarships to qualified children or 
dependents of hourly associates based on financial 
need, academic performance, community involvement 
and leadership. Financial need is the highest 
consideration. Since the Orange Scholars launch in 
2006, the program has awarded scholarships to more 
than 17,300 recipients, totaling approximately 
$41 million. 
Financial Preparation 
In addition to our grant and scholarship programs, we 
provide associates with access to a range of Homer 
Fund-backed resources to support their financial 
well-being and decision-making, including how to 
save for emergencies and protect themselves 
against fraud.
Since 1999, The Homer Fund has awarded 
more than 184,600 grants, totaling more than
$267 million
to assist associates and their families facing 
unexpected hardships.
Highlights
In 2023, The Homer Fund continued to support our 
people in times of need:
° More than $16.7 million was awarded through 
Homer Fund grants
° 8,400+ grants awarded to support associates 
dealing with illness, hurricanes, wildfires and more
° Associate financial assistance included 500+ 
grants totaling $653,300 for natural 
disaster recovery
Learn how The Homer Fund touched lives through 
the generosity of fellow associates: #OrangeAtHeart
Overview Focus on Our People Operate Sustainably Strengthen Our Communities Responsible Business Practices Appendices
The Home Depot ESG Report | Fiscal 2023 36
Check it out

--- PAGE 37 ---

LEARNING & DEVELOPMENT
Our learning and development programs aim to build behaviors that expand skills and 
capabilities so that associates can master their current roles and prepare for future ones.
Our associates are essential in helping us sustain the 
best-in-class customer experience we strive to offer. 
To provide the best customer experience, we must 
invest in cultivating the best associate experience.
In 2023, we continued to make investments to support 
our associate learning and development experience 
by updating our learning management system to 
Workday Learning.® This refreshed platform provides 
an improved, more user-friendly experience for our 
associates to access required training and sign up for 
voluntary courses to help their professional 
development.
We strive to build a learning-rich workplace where 
associates and leaders can prepare to succeed, feel 
motivated to serve our customers well and access 
opportunities to grow. Our effective leadership and 
career development solutions enhance our orange-
blooded culture, so associates are competent, 
confident and engaged. We work to ensure every 
associate who wants to grow their career with The 
Home Depot has the information, tools and support 
they need.
In 2023, we continued to respond to the unique, 
ever-changing and challenging landscape by 
serving up relevant content and reaching associates 
in multiple ways.
° E-learning: Media-rich, self-directed learning 
offers focused, interactive activities and actionable 
feedback.
° Instructor-led Experiences: Immersive training at 
our Atlanta Store Support Center and field locations 
focuses on business acumen, technical skills and 
leadership development for new leaders in 
critical positions.
° Virtual Instructor-led Experiences: Engaging 
virtual training allows two-way communication, 
group activities and skills practice, which provides 
consistent and timely development to multiple 
audiences totaling 76,000 completions across the 
Company in the U.S.
° Mobile Learning: Through our hdPhones and 
company provided devices, we provide 
on-demand, on-the job content to teach skills 
and assist associates with job tasks and/or 
helping customers.
° The Home Depot University (HDU): Now in its 
14th year, continues to be critical to the growth of 
our associates, developing values-based leaders 
who take care of each other, our customers 
and communities.
Overview Focus on Our People Operate Sustainably Strengthen Our Communities Responsible Business Practices Appendices
The Home Depot ESG Report | Fiscal 2023 37
HELPING OUR ASSOCIATES GROW
Our Mentorship program connects associates 
who have a passion to develop others, with 
associates who are excited to grow their careers. 
This program aims to help new associates 
understand The Home Depot’s culture and 
business, while also building relationships. 
In 2023, our mentoring program included over 
2,800 mentor and mentee participants.


--- PAGE 38 ---

° Online Resources: Our library of online, on-
demand resources includes videos, courses, book 
summaries, reference materials and performance 
support tools for associates to continue their 
development journey.
We support associate training at all levels of the 
career journey.
° New-in-Role: A blend of instructor-led 
training, e-learning, on-the-job activities, leader 
involvement and new associate coaches supports 
a successful assimilation.
° Ongoing Development: Continuous development 
of technical and leadership skills is delivered in 
multiple ways and made up of both universal and 
role-specific content. This development ensures 
associates at every level continue to evolve their 
skills to meet the demands of a rapidly changing 
and increasingly complex environment.
° Advanced Development: Programs prepare select 
associates to lead effectively at the next level. 
These programs prepare experienced leaders for 
the challenges they’ll face as they move to higher-
level roles.
Extending Training into Our Communities
In addition, we continue to strengthen our connection 
to our customers by expanding training opportunities 
for them.
° Customer Training: Homeowner 101 and Do-It-
Yourself live virtual workshops help meet 
customers’ evolving home maintenance and 
improvement needs. Approximately 63,000 
customers attended workshops in 2023.
° Trades Training: Our Path to Pro Skills Program is 
designed to provide knowledgeable and qualified 
candidates to our loyal Pro customers in need of 
skilled labor. Thousands of prospects interested in 
a career in the trades have completed the Path to 
Pro Skills Program to help solve the skilled labor 
shortage and support our Pro customers.
At the end of 2023, more than
90%
of our U.S. store leaders started
as hourly associates
Overview Focus on Our People Operate Sustainably Strengthen Our Communities Responsible Business Practices Appendices
The Home Depot ESG Report | Fiscal 2023 38
In 2023, The Home Depot invested more than 
9.6 million hours of training in associates. This 
included more than 8.4 million hours in frontline 
associates across topics like safety, inclusion and 
development. We also invested approximately 
1.2 million hours in our leaders through leadership 
specific training.
Check it out

--- PAGE 39 ---

BENEFITS
Our people make The Home Depot 
successful, and it’s our responsibility and 
privilege to take care of them.
We believe supporting the well-being of our 
associates is an instrumental part of one of our Core 
Values, Taking Care of Our People. We strive to 
provide our associates with the benefits that they 
need to take care of themselves and their families. 
Our benefits are designed to help our associates care 
for their families’ and their own mental and physical 
well-being, manage challenges at home and at work 
and tap into resources to improve their health 
and happiness.
To ensure that associates are aware of available 
benefits, we communicate with them through 
numerous channels, including:
° Their preferred communication (e.g., email, 
SMS, print)
° Content on digital communication boards
° Our company intranet, myApron, where standard 
operating procedures (SOPs) are also found
° Facility posters
° Communications from managers
° Our benefits website, livetheorangelife.com 
For benefits questions, associates can ask their 
managers or HR partners for help or contact the 
Benefits Choice Center, a helpline dedicated to 
answering associate questions. 
Financial Programs
& Tools
FutureBuilder 401(k): Associates can save for the 
future while taking advantage of tax savings. Eligible 
associates who contribute to the plan get up to 
3.5% of eligible compensation in matching 
contributions from the Company.
Employee Stock Purchase Plan (ESPP): 
Twice-a-year plans provide a 15% discount on 
Home Depot stock. Associates who enroll may set 
aside up to 20% of eligible pay (up to $21,250 
annually) to purchase stock.
Personal Finance Education: All associates have 
access to a suite of online webinars, activities, tools 
and resources designed to help them increase 
financial knowledge and build their confidence to 
help relieve money-related stress.
Alight Financial Advisors®: Associates have 
access to independent advisory services to help 
them gauge whether they’re on track for retirement.
Insurance: To prepare for the unexpected, 
associates have access to policies for medical care, 
disability, life, home, auto and pet health insurance.
Perks at Work: Associates have access to special 
discounts on a wide variety of everyday goods and 
services — from nursery items to cell phone service, 
gym memberships, computers, vacations and more.
Overview Focus on Our People Operate Sustainably Strengthen Our Communities Responsible Business Practices Appendices
The Home Depot ESG Report | Fiscal 2023 39


--- PAGE 40 ---

Associate Assistance
Employee Assistance Program: Our free and 
confidential assistance program helps associates 
manage personal and work-life challenges. Licensed 
counselors and medical professionals are available by 
phone 24/7/365 to associates and their household 
members, including spouses, domestic partners, other 
relatives and roommates.
Program team members assist with specific 
interventions to meet the everyday needs of our 
workforce — from childcare to eldercare, marital 
concerns, bereavement, emotional stress, legal or 
financial concerns and more. The Employee 
Assistance program is also available to assist our 
management teams with responding to traumatic 
events in the workplace or community.
Family Support
Paid Parental Leave: Associates with at least six 
months of service who are having a baby, adopting or 
fostering a child can take up to six weeks of paid 
parental leave. This benefit is available to both 
mothers and fathers. Birth mothers may be eligible for 
an additional six-week paid maternity benefit, or eight 
weeks for a Cesarean section.
Adoption Assistance: The Home Depot reimburses 
certain adoption-related expenses to assist 
eligible associates.
RethinkCare: Resources and training help associates 
support their children with developmental disabilities 
or challenges with learning and behavior in line with 
best practices. The comprehensive program provides 
access to easy-to-follow videos, custom learning 
plans, a training center and one-on-one sessions with 
licensed experts.
MetLife Legal Services®: This voluntary legal 
assistance benefit provides consultation and 
document review for issues from adoption to wills, 
powers of attorney, divorce, nursing home 
agreements and more.
Educational Assistance
Orange Scholars: The Homer Fund offers 
scholarships to qualified dependents of hourly 
associates based on financial need, academic 
performance, community involvement and leadership. 
Financial need is given the highest consideration. 
Learn more on page 36.
Overview Focus on Our People Operate Sustainably Strengthen Our Communities Responsible Business Practices Appendices
The Home Depot ESG Report | Fiscal 2023 40
livetheorangelife.com provides a central location for 
associates to take advantage of all the benefits 
available to them - from mental health resources to 
tuition reimbursement.
Check it out

--- PAGE 41 ---

Healthy Life
Flu Prevention: Free flu shots are available to 
associates to protect their health and others’ during 
cold and flu season.
Vaccine program: Associates have access to 15 
common vaccines for free, in addition to the flu 
vaccine offered annually.
Health Screening: Associates have access to annual 
biometric screenings through either on-site screening 
events at most Home Depot locations around the 
country, with their personal physician, or at a Quest 
Diagnostic Patient Service Center.
Tobacco Cessation: Personalized, one-on-one 
coaching and support are available at no cost to 
associates to help them mentally and physically 
prepare to quit using all forms of tobacco, including 
smokeless products.
24/7 Care: Associates and family members they care 
for — including elderly parents — have access to 
Teladoc® virtual doctors for minor illnesses support 
from home anytime, including after hours, on 
weekends and during holidays. Teladoc also provides 
behavioral health services, allowing associates and 
their family members to schedule a virtual visit with a 
therapist or psychiatrist.
Health Care Support Team: Included Health® helps 
associates navigate health care for themselves and 
their family members. Associates have 24/7 access to 
a Health Care Support team, where they can find in- 
network doctors, get help tackling a complicated bill 
or receive a medical second opinion. The program is 
free to associates.
AccessHope: The Cancer Support program through 
AccessHope connects associates and their family 
members to leading experts from City of Hope, a 
renowned, comprehensive cancer center, to support 
them through their cancer journey. It’s provided at no 
cost to associates.
Time Off
Paid Sick Time: Salaried, salaried nonexempt, 
full-time hourly and part-time hourly associates are all 
eligible for paid sick/personal time off for health or 
personal situations that require time away from work. 
The amount of paid sick/personal time varies based 
on the associate’s position (e.g., salaried vs. hourly) 
and geographic location.
Paid Vacation: Salaried, salaried nonexempt, full-time 
hourly and part-time hourly associates are all eligible 
for paid vacation time off. The amount of paid 
vacation is based on length of service with The 
Home Depot.
Disability: The company provides access to short-
term and long-term disability coverage based on an 
associate’s status and work state.
Made-to-Fit Military Benefits
The Home Depot offers specialized benefits for 
veterans, military service members and military 
spouses who are Home Depot associates:
° Military leave of absence for reservists, National 
Guard and active-duty associates, including 
differential pay when activated or deployed
° Military family international leave of absence for up 
to five years
° Military Spouse Transfer program for hourly 
associates
° Support resources, such as counselors, 
financial advisers, healthcare advice and 
childcare assistance
Overview Focus on Our People Operate Sustainably Strengthen Our Communities Responsible Business Practices Appendices
The Home Depot ESG Report | Fiscal 2023 41

--- PAGE 42 ---

Overview Focus on Our People Operate Sustainably Strengthen Our Communities Responsible Business Practices Appendices
The Home Depot ESG Report | Fiscal 2023 42
We strive to reduce our environmental impact 
by investing in operational efficiencies and by 
partnering with suppliers to provide our 
customers with more sustainable products 
and packaging.
Carbon Emissions Reduction 45
Sustainable Forestry 51
Circularity 53
Water Conservation 60
Responsible Chemistry 62
Promoting Customer Eco Actions 64
Operate Sustainably

--- PAGE 43 ---

OPERATE SUSTAINABLY
Our Core Value of Doing the Right Thing 
extends to reducing the impact that our 
operations and products have on the 
environment. Although the climate 
challenges that exist today will require 
global action across both private and 
public organizations, we recognize the 
responsibility and opportunity our 
business has to conserve resources and 
lower emissions.
We know that focusing on the areas where we can 
have the greatest impact is the most meaningful way 
for us to create long-lasting, sustainable change. This 
is why we focus our sustainability strategy around five 
environmental pillars: Carbon Emissions, Sustainable 
Forestry, Circularity, Water Conservation and 
Responsible Chemistry.
The investments that we make across our five 
environmental pillars focus on strengthening our 
business, being responsive to the concerns of our 
stakeholders and improving the lives of our 
customers and those who live in the communities 
where we operate. We offer products that give 
customers opportunities to lower their environmental 
impact without compromising on quality. By 
promoting customer awareness through our Eco 
Actions program, we encourage our customers to 
support sustainability through their own purchases 
and practices.
As we describe in greater detail in the following 
sections, we have made significant progress to reduce 
our environmental impact. We continue to set goals 
across our product categories and operations to drive 
our sustainability efforts.
Overview Focus on Our People Operate Sustainably Strengthen Our Communities Responsible Business Practices Appendices
The Home Depot ESG Report | Fiscal 2023 43


--- PAGE 44 ---

Supporting a Culture of Sustainable Business Practices
At The Home Depot, we are a Company of Doers who 
look to our Core Values to guide our day-to-day 
decisions. Our Core Value of Doing the Right Thing 
supports our belief that embedding sustainability into 
our business strategy can create long-term success 
for our associates, customers, communities and 
shareholders. Our approach to running a sustainable 
business helps us identify opportunities like promoting 
operational efficiencies, minimizing waste and driving 
product innovation.
Our biggest opportunity to create positive 
environmental change comes from the products we 
sell, which is why we are committed to partnering with 
our suppliers to provide our customers with products 
that protect natural resources and are more energy 
efficient. Through this commitment, we have helped 
drive innovation across our products, and have 
achieved significant progress on addressing the 
environmental impacts of our business. 
Since we adopted our first Wood Purchasing Policy 
more than 25 years ago, we have continued to focus 
on selling wood and products containing wood 
sourced from responsibly managed forests. Following 
our recent and extensive assessment of our wood 
sourcing practices, we updated our Wood Purchasing 
Policy to further our efforts to protect forests most at 
risk to deforestation. As detailed in the Sustainable 
Forestry section of this report, these efforts further our 
commitment to protecting forests for future 
generations and promoting biodiversity conservation 
where we have the greatest ability to influence 
positive change.
In recent years we have also set and achieved a 
number of climate-related goals, such as reducing the 
electricity use of our U.S. stores and helping our 
customers reduce their energy costs and emissions 
through their purchase and use of energy-saving 
products. Building on our prior climate action 
initiatives, we also recently updated our carbon 
emissions reduction targets to align with climate 
science and a 1.5-degree trajectory. We now plan to 
reduce our combined absolute Scopes 1 and 2 
emissions and our absolute Scope 3 Category 11 
(“Use of Sold Products”) emissions by 42%, each by 
the end of fiscal year 2030 from a fiscal 2020 base 
year. Our new targets were validated by the Science 
Based Targets initiative (SBTi) and continue our 
momentum to drive climate action throughout our 
value chain. 
Our Company’s ability to achieve our carbon 
emissions reduction targets will come from investing 
in efficiencies within our stores and supply chain, 
sourcing renewable energy and partnering with 
suppliers to promote innovation across our 
product categories. 
Throughout my more than 22-year career with The 
Home Depot, I have seen and experienced firsthand 
the Company’s commitment to sustainability. We 
recognize that our business relies on conserving 
natural resources and protecting the climate. While we 
acknowledge that we cannot address global 
environmental issues alone, we remain committed to 
using our position as the largest home improvement 
retailer in the world help move our industry forward. 
“Throughout my more than 
22-year career with The 
Home Depot, I have seen 
and experienced firsthand 
the Company’s commitment 
to sustainability.”
CANDACE 
RODRIGUEZ
Senior Director of 
Sustainability
Overview Focus on Our People Operate Sustainably Strengthen Our Communities Responsible Business Practices Appendices
The Home Depot ESG Report | Fiscal 2023 44
Letter From our Head of Sustainability


--- PAGE 45 ---

CARBON EMISSIONS REDUCTION
By conserving energy resources, we reduce business costs and our Company’s impact on the environment.
The Home Depot prioritizes carbon emissions 
reduction as one of its main environmental pillars, 
recognizing our role in decreasing the global risks 
associated with climate change. In line with the Paris 
Agreement, we support the worldwide commitment to 
limit the increase in global average temperature to 1.5 
degrees Celsius above pre-industrial levels using 
greenhouse gas emissions reduction targets.
We have a strong record of reducing our carbon 
emissions and energy costs by improving our energy 
efficiency. We have invested in alternative electricity 
sources to lead to lower emissions and in retrofits to 
our lighting, HVAC systems and white roofing to make 
our store locations more energy efficient. We have 
also adopted strategies to minimize our supply chain 
and transportation emissions through distribution 
optimization. Lastly, we partner with our suppliers to 
drive more energy-efficient product innovation.
2023 Reported Emissions
The Home Depot uses the GHG Protocol Corporate 
Accounting and Reporting Standard, which is 
considered the most widely adopted standard for 
calculating metric tons of greenhouse gas emissions. 
We continually review and refine our emissions 
measurements to reflect changes to our business and 
improvements in data collection and reporting. We 
partner with third-party experts in this space to help 
ensure we are in line with industry standards.
We also participate in the CDP Climate Change 
disclosure process. CDP, formerly the Carbon 
Disclosure Project, is an independent, international, 
nonprofit organization that provides a global system 
for companies and cities to measure, disclose, 
manage and share environmental information.
Our latest score of A- from CDP for our response to 
the Climate Change survey shows our leadership and 
an improved level of action on climate change. We are 
proud of the steps we have taken to help mitigate our 
impact on the climate over the years but acknowledge 
there's still more opportunity in front of us.
The Home Depot operates a number of facility types 
including stores, offices and supply chain centers, 
which create direct emissions that are within our 
control. These facilities also consume electricity, 
which creates indirect emissions. These activities 
(Scopes 1 and 2) account for approximately 1% of 
our total emissions footprint. 
Our emissions impact also includes other indirect 
emissions in our value chain that are out of our 
immediate control (Scope 3). These activities account 
for the majority of our total emissions footprint and 
include Use of Sold Products, Purchased Goods and 
Services and End of Life of Sold Products. As the 
largest home improvement retailer, the use of our sold 
products accounts for the majority of our emissions. 
For this reason, our emissions reduction activity 
focuses on Scope 3 Category 11, “Use of Sold 
Products”, where we have the biggest opportunity 
for impact.
We remain committed to addressing the challenges 
required to reduce our impact on the environment 
through our operations and the products we sell, 
while also being transparent about our progress.
GHG emissions
(MT CO2e) 2021 2022 2023
Scope 1 642,000 597,000  629,000
YoY Chg. (%) N/A  (7) %  5% 
Scope 2 
(location-based) 1,007,000 960,000  1,033,000
YoY Chg. (%) N/A  (5) %  8% 
Scope 2 
(market-based) 992,000 792,000 733,800
YoY Chg. (%) N/A  (20) %  (7) %
Total Scope 3 192,934,000
YoY Chg. (%) N/A N/A N/A
Scope 3 Category 4 3,035,000 3,696,500 1,367,000
YoY Chg. (%) N/A  22%  (63) %
Scope 3 Category 11 128,526,000
YoY Chg. (%) N/A N/A N/A
Overview Focus on Our People Operate Sustainably Strengthen Our Communities Responsible Business Practices Appendices
The Home Depot ESG Report | Fiscal 2023 45


--- PAGE 46 ---

Emissions Reduction Goals
We measure our Scopes 1, 2 and 3 emissions and 
identify strategic opportunities to minimize costs and 
achieve carbon emissions reduction throughout our 
facility operations, supply chain and product footprint.
The Home Depot has established goals to aid our 
long-term planning towards reducing emissions in 
ways that align with scientifically accepted emissions 
reduction pathways for preventing the worst impacts 
of climate change.
As mentioned on the previous page, we recently 
updated our emissions reduction goals, and our 
targets were validated by the Science Based Targets 
initiative (SBTi) in early 2024. SBTi also determined 
that our combined Scope 1 and Scope 2 reduction 
target conforms with its criteria as aligned with a 1.5-
degree Celsius trajectory:
The Home Depot commits to reduce combined 
absolute Scopes 1 and 2 carbon emissions
42%
by fiscal year end 2030 from a fiscal 2020 
base year.
The Home Depot commits to reduce absolute 
Scope 3 carbon emissions from the use of 
sold products (category 11)
42%
by fiscal year end 2030 from our fiscal 2020 
base year.
SBTi supports best practices in target-setting based 
on carbon emissions reduction pathways 
recommended by the world’s leading climate 
scientists. SBTi brings together multiple authorities on 
climate change as a collaboration between CDP, the 
United Nations Global Compact, World Resources 
Institute and the World Wide Fund for Nature.
Scopes 1 and 2 Emissions: 
We source renewable energy from both onsite rooftop 
solar systems located atop our stores and distribution 
facilities and offsite purchased renewable energy. As 
we work towards reducing our operational emissions 
footprint, we also plan to invest in low-carbon 
emissions opportunities through initiatives such as:
° Produce/procure 100% renewable electricity 
equivalent to the electricity needs for all Home 
Depot facilities worldwide by the end of 2030.
° 90% of forklifts in our major U.S. distribution 
centers will be hydrogen-powered by the end of 
fiscal year 2029.
Scope 3 “Use of Sold Products”
(Category 11) Emissions: 
We expect the electrical grid to become less 
carbon-intensive in the future as more renewable 
energy resources come online. We work with our 
suppliers to improve the energy efficiency of their 
products, and prioritize sales of high-efficiency, 
electrified products, to enable our current mix 
and future assortments of electrical plug-in and 
carbon-emitting products to have lower emissions 
outputs. We have created two key targets for making 
these improvements:
° Help customers save $600 million in energy costs 
by 2026, with a start year of 2023, through 
purchase and proper use of ENERGY STAR 
products we sell.
° 85% of U.S. and Canadian sales in push mowers 
and handheld outdoor lawn equipment (combined) 
in-store and online (combined) will be in 
rechargeable battery technology by
year-end 2028.
Overview Focus on Our People Operate Sustainably Strengthen Our Communities Responsible Business Practices Appendices
The Home Depot ESG Report | Fiscal 2023 46

--- PAGE 47 ---

Renewable and 
Efficient Energy
To execute against our carbon reduction 
strategy, we focus on several initiatives, 
including: sourcing alternative/renewable 
electricity, promoting a less carbon-
intensive grid and increasing the 
efficiency of our stores and supply 
chain network.
Renewable Energy
A key to reducing our carbon footprint is our 
investment in alternative energy solutions. Given the 
dynamics of the renewable energy market, we have 
built a diversified energy portfolio, which includes 
off-site wind and solar electricity procurement, rooftop 
solar projects, fuel cells and on-site batteries to power 
stores during peak demand spikes.
The Home Depot is a member of RE100, a global 
initiative of business leaders who pledge to produce 
or procure 100% renewable electricity. Our renewable 
electricity commitment aims to help support the 
transition of the U.S.’s electrical grid to renewables by 
signaling market demand for renewable electricity. 
In our pledge, we committed to produce or procure 
enough electricity to meet the electricity needs of all 
The Home Depot facilities with renewable electricity 
by the end of 2030. Our RE100 commitment builds on 
previously achieved goals we have made to produce 
or procure renewable or alternative energy capacity.
We also joined the U.S. Environmental Protection 
Agency’s (EPA) Green Power Partnership (GPP), an 
EPA-led program that aims to advance the U.S. 
market for renewable electricity, while also helping to 
protect the environment. Our annual power usage 
from wind and solar resources placed us seventh 
among the top 30 retailers in this program as of 
January 2024. We were also recognized by the EPA as 
a 2023 Green Power Leadership Award Winner for 
outstanding clean energy initiatives and impact on the 
green power market.
We continue to expand our off-site renewable 
electricity portfolio through projects across the U.S. 
Through a combination of solar and wind projects, we 
expect our existing purchase agreements to generate 
enough electricity to power the equivalent of 
approximately 800 Home Depot stores - or 
approximately 31% of our total electricity needs 
across the U.S. and Canada.
To further drive our efforts to procure renewable 
electricity, we recently partnered with Georgia Power’s 
Customer Renewable Supply Procurement (CRSP) 
program. The CRSP program aims to support the 
sustainability initiatives of Georgia Power’s industrial 
and commercial customers to procure utility-scale 
renewable electricity generation. Beginning in January 
2025, we will enter into a 10-year partnership 
agreement, where we expect to procure the equivalent 
of about 70% of the annual electricity needs of our 
Store Support Center (corporate office).
The Home Depot continues to leverage the space 
atop our stores. As of the end of 2023, we expanded 
our rooftop solar installations, which now includes 99 
facilities. We continue to increase our emphasis on 
rooftop solar by:
° Increasing the amount of roof space allocated to 
solar panels at our stores 
° Exploring possibilities for adding solar panels atop 
more distribution facilities
Energy Efficiency in Our Stores
For more than a decade, we have been making 
investments to increase the efficiency of our stores. 
Our investments, which include interior LED lighting, 
high-efficiency HVAC systems and operating 
procedures, among others, have helped us mitigate 
the electricity demands needed to run our operations. 
These and other investments helped us reduce our 
U.S. store electricity use by approximately 1% year-
over-year.
We continue to pilot new projects like exterior LED 
retrofits across more than 360 of our U.S. stores, 
while also operating electricity-generating fuel cells at 
218 facilities.
We announced in 2023 that we would look to invest in 
approximately 80 new stores over the next 5 years in 
areas that have experienced significant population 
growth or where it makes sense to relieve pressure on 
existing high-volume stores. As we build our new 
stores, we are incorporating sustainability initiatives, 
which include:
° Building Automated System (BAS) with control over 
HVAC systems and interior lighting
° LED lighting with occupancy sensor capabilities
° High-efficiency HVAC units
° Solar and fuel cell installations where appropriate
Overview Focus on Our People Operate Sustainably Strengthen Our Communities Responsible Business Practices Appendices
The Home Depot ESG Report | Fiscal 2023 47


--- PAGE 48 ---

Energy Efficiency in 
Our Supply Chain
In addition to our stores, we are also making 
investments to create efficiencies within our 
distribution centers and other buildings, including 
automating and mechanizing many of our facilities and 
leveraging hydrogen-powered forklift technology. The 
transition to hydrogen-powered forklifts has helped us 
reduce electricity consumption over the years. 
Hydrogen-powered forklifts also provide a number of 
benefits over traditional propane-powered or battery-
powered forklifts, including zero direct GHG emissions 
and the ability to rapidly refuel.
In 2023, we installed hydrogen fuel cells at 4 supply 
chain facilities, giving us a total of 35 locations with 
emissions-free fuel for forklifts and other material- 
handling equipment. We estimate the use of fuel cells 
at our supply chain facilities will help reduce electricity 
consumption by about 39.9 million kilowatt hours on 
an annual basis.
Progress On Power
On average, fuel cells produce
~90%
of electricity needs at 218 
facilities, helping reduce 
emissions.
At 55 U.S. stores, on-site 
batteries store power during 
off-peak times for use when 
demand spikes.
900+
U.S. stores participate in demand 
mitigation to optimize our 
electricity costs during peak 
demand and help local utilities 
better manage grid capacity.
Overview Focus on Our People Operate Sustainably Strengthen Our Communities Responsible Business Practices Appendices
The Home Depot ESG Report | Fiscal 2023 48
HD Supply is piloting 
medium-duty electric vehicles 
(EV) in its delivery fleet. As EV 
options for larger commercial 
vehicles evolve, we will look to 
expand more of our fleet to 
drive cost savings and reduce 
emissions.
Did you know?
Our U.S. stores with LEDs consume about 
30% less electricity than similar stores 
with conventional lighting.


--- PAGE 49 ---

1
3
2
Optimized Supply Chain
By making our supply chain more efficient, we reduce 
business costs and the impact our supply chain has 
on the environment.
We continue to invest in our supply chain network, to 
maintain our position as the fastest, most efficient 
and most reliable delivery capabilities in home 
improvement. Our continued focus on maintaining 
these best-in-class competitive advantages in our 
supply chain enables us to drive down costs and 
meet our customers’ needs, while also reducing our 
transportation-related emissions.
The unique capabilities of our supply chain enable us 
to meet the changing needs of both our Professional 
and DIY customers. Our range of distribution center 
platforms allow us to keep our stores stocked, deliver 
a flatbed truck of building material to a job site and 
ship packages to our customers’ doorsteps. The 
efficiencies that these platforms create helped us 
reduce miles driven and our supply chain emissions 
year-over-year.
The investments that we have made in our supply 
chain, in combination with the investments in 
renewable energy and driving efficiency in our stores, 
are key to our carbon reduction strategy (page 45).
Driving Supply Chain Efficiencies
Grew our network of supply chain facilities to 
over 500 at the end of fiscal year 2023, 
increasing speed and efficiency.
Moved more than 6 billion cubic feet of 
product through our supply chain.
Reduced supply chain miles driven 
compared to the prior year.
Ways We’re Driving 
Supply Chain 
Improvements
By partnering with suppliers to 
forgo pallets, we can stack 
products to the top of trailers, 
resulting in a reduction in the 
number of truckloads needed 
to transport some goods.
We do a technology-assisted 
assessment of scheduled 
pickups and deliveries, then 
recommend optimized routes 
to reduce miles traveled, fuel 
consumed and trucks on 
the road.
We sell available space on our 
trucks and buy space from other 
companies, ensuring fewer 
underloaded trailers hit the road. 
That space-sharing saves 
about 1.1 million miles driven 
a year.
Optimization technology 
guides how we pack trucks or 
ocean-bound containers. We 
maximize the product load, 
reducing the number of 
truckloads and containers —  
and overall emissions.
Overview Focus on Our People Operate Sustainably Strengthen Our Communities Responsible Business Practices Appendices
The Home Depot ESG Report | Fiscal 2023 49
Did you know?
We participate in the U.S. Environmental 
Protection Agency’s SmartWay® program to 
collect and report greenhouse gas emissions data 
from corporate supply chains. The Home Depot 
was named to the SmartWay High Performer’s list 
for shippers. This distinction is received by under 
5% of SmartWay shippers for their significant 
environmental, energy and cost-saving benefits, 
achieved by improving the efficiency of their 
transportation and logistics operations.
“The Home Depot has invested 
in creating the fastest, most 
efficient and reliable supply 
chain in home improvement. 
Our supply chain network is 
designed to use the most 
efficient mode of transportation 
and leverage our economies of 
scale to maximize cube per 
load, reducing the number of 
trucks on the road.” 
SARAH GALICA
Vice President of 
Transportation, with more 
than 16 years with The 
Home Depot
 


--- PAGE 50 ---

Energy-Saving Products
The Home Depot encourages suppliers to make the 
products we sell more energy efficient, and our 
partnership with the U.S. Environmental Protection 
Agency’s ENERGY STAR program supports those 
efforts, too. Our focus on offering customers energy 
efficient products has long been in place, and last year 
we announced a goal to help customers save $600 
million in energy costs by 2026, with a start year 
of 2023.
In 2023, we helped our U.S. customers save nearly $1 
billion on their utility bills through the purchase of 
energy-efficient products. ENERGY STAR-labeled 
products were part of this progress. In 2023, we 
offered approximately 45,000 energy-saving products 
in stores and online, including approximately 16,000 
ENERGY STAR products. We sold more than 186 
million units of ENERGY STAR products.
We estimate our customers’ purchases and proper 
use of ENERGY STAR products in 2023 helped reduce 
annual electricity usage by 3.6 billion kilowatt hours, 
saving $455 million on energy costs and lowering 
carbon emissions by 2.5 million metric tons.
Overview Focus on Our People Operate Sustainably Strengthen Our Communities Responsible Business Practices Appendices
The Home Depot ESG Report | Fiscal 2023 50
Did you know?
The Home Depot U.S. was recognized as the 
2024 ENERGY STAR Retail Partner of the 
Year for Sustained Excellence.
Going Green, Saving Green15
By partnering with ENERGY STAR, we are helping customers save money from what is often the source of their largest home energy expense and greatest impact on 
the environment. Since 1992, ENERGY STAR, in partnership with companies like The Home Depot, have helped households:
Save
~5 trillion
kilowatt-hours of electricity - equal to 
the energy of more than 8 billion 
barrels of oil
Avoid more than
$500 billion
in energy costs
Achieve
~4 billion
metric tons of carbon reduction - 
equivalent to removing more than 950 
million cars from the road for a year

--- PAGE 51 ---

SUSTAINABLE FORESTRY
We aim to ensure the transparent, 
responsible use of global forest 
resources in our products.
As the largest home improvement retailer in the world, 
we leverage our supplier relationships to prioritize 
wood and wood product sourcing from sustainably 
managed forests. 
For decades, we have sought to be an industry leader 
in prioritizing and promoting sustainable forestry 
practices. As a significant purchaser of wood and 
wood products, we recognize our ability to effect 
positive change by encouraging others to adopt 
sustainable forestry practices and address the loss 
of biodiversity. 
Our commitment to sustainable forestry practices 
began over twenty-five years ago: 
° 1994 - Offered certified sustainable wood shelving 
products to our customers for the first time. 
° 1999 - Adopted our first Wood Purchasing Policy.
° 2018 - Required the purchase of any wood sourced 
from endangered regions such as the Amazon or 
Congo Basin areas, Papua New Guinea or the 
Solomon Islands to be Forest Stewardship Council 
(FSC)®-certified.
° 2023 - Responded to CDP's Forests questionnaire 
for the first time. 
° 2024 - Published a comprehensive assessment of 
our sustainable forestry program and policies, and 
updated our Wood Purchasing Policy.
2024 Sustainable Forestry 
Report
The Home Depot recently undertook a deeper 
examination of our sustainable forestry efforts, and in 
January 2024, we published a Sustainable Forestry 
Report to communicate our findings. Partnering with an 
external law firm with environmental expertise and 
experience in conducting forestry assessments, we 
surveyed a group of Tier 1 suppliers who represented 
95% of our total wood and wood product spend in fiscal 
2022, as well as any suppliers of patio furniture and home 
decor products with whom we spent over $500,000 on 
wood and/or wood products in the same year. In total, 
we surveyed more than 1,500 suppliers and 90% 
responded to our survey request.16
Key findings
° The Home Depot prioritizes purchasing wood and 
wood products from suppliers who employ 
responsible forestry practices and maintain third-
party certifications. As a result, we are proud to 
report that of our wood and wood products:
– Approximately 61.6% is third-party certified, 
including:
– Approximately 4.2% is sold as FSC-certified 
and 
– Approximately 12.3% of wood is grown in 
forests that are FSC Forest Management 
Certified. 
° Through a mapping exercise, we present detailed 
information on the global regions where we sourced 
our wood and wood products in fiscal 2022, with 
nearly 80% sourced from North America. 
° We sourced most of our wood from these 
countries: 
– Approximately 61.4%: U.S. 
– Approximately 17.1%: Canada
– Approximately 5.6%: Brazil
– Approximately 3.5%: Chile 
– Approximately 3.0%: China
– Approximately 2.2%: Germany
Strengthening our 
Commitment
Through our sustainable forestry assessment, we 
identified ways to enhance our approach, including 
several updates to our Wood Purchasing Policy and 
protocols to ensure our suppliers adhere to 
its guidelines. 
Continuously assessing our effectiveness
We established a stronger assessment process to 
routinely evaluate and monitor risks associated with 
sourcing wood and wood products, while seeking 
opportunities to lessen or avoid biodiversity impacts.  
We recognize how the environmental value of forests, 
which are carbon sinks and rich in biodiversity, can be 
threatened by forces such as climate change, invasive 
species, drought, forest fires, disease, insect 
infestations and deforestation. 
Overview Focus on Our People Operate Sustainably Strengthen Our Communities Responsible Business Practices Appendices
The Home Depot ESG Report | Fiscal 2023 51

--- PAGE 52 ---

Additional monitored regions
We set a new target to require any wood or wood 
products sourced from additional at-risk regions to be 
certified as sustainable or plantation-grown for any 
wood sold through The Home Depot’s U.S. and 
Canadian Lumber, Building Materials or Millworks 
Departments by the end of fiscal 2026. These 
departments account for more than 88% of our overall 
wood sourcing. 
Our new commitment covers these global regions: 
Atlantic Forest, Cerrado, Choco Darien, Ecuador, Gran 
Chaco, East Africa and Miombo, Greater Mekong, 
Sumatra and Borneo, Eastern Australia and the 
Russian Far East Forest. 
We will continue to require wood and/or wood 
products sourced from the Amazon or Congo Basin 
areas, Papua New Guinea or the Solomon Islands, to 
be FSC-certified.
Due diligence process
We expanded our due diligence measures to include 
compliance procedures to identify, address and 
resolve instances of supplier noncompliance, 
including those identified by external parties and 
reported using our Supplier AlertLine, with quick and 
reasonable action. 
Our process includes notifying reported suppliers of 
suspected noncompliance, providing them an 
opportunity to either produce evidence of compliance 
or remedy the issue of noncompliance. In cases where 
a supplier is not able to provide evidence or remedy 
the issue in a timely manner, we would discontinue 
ordering affected products.
Responsible Sourcing
Following the extensive survey that we conducted of 
our total purchases of products in categories 
containing wood in fiscal year 2022, as a part of our 
sustainable forestry assessment, we conducted a 
more targeted survey of wood purchases in fiscal year 
2023 that focused on our private label brands and 
wood coming from high-risk regions. In total, more 
than 1,200 suppliers, or approximately 84% 
responded to our latest survey. The results of our 
latest survey, which was issued to our private brand 
suppliers comprising the top 95% of our total 
purchases and covered SKUs sourced from high-risk 
regions identified in our latest Wood Purchasing 
Policy, show that the sources of wood products came 
from: North America (approximately 80% ), South 
America (approximately 14% ), Asia (approximately 
4% ) and from Africa, Eurasia, Europe and Oceania 
(approximately 2% ).
We work with some of the most experienced and 
sophisticated forestry companies in North America, 
representing the vast majority of our wood sourcing, 
who participate in sustainable forestry certifications 
and membership organizations such as: 
° Forest Stewardship Council (FSC) 
° Sustainable Forest Initiative (SFI) 
° Programme for the Endorsement of Forest 
Certification (PEFC) 
° American Tree Farm
Engaging Across 
Jurisdictions 
Our wood sourcing supply chain spans many 
jurisdictions with varying levels of forest protection 
regulations. We believe our work with suppliers to 
meet commitments listed in our Wood Purchasing 
Policy has helped promote the expansion of forested 
areas in North America and the sustainable 
management of forests. In our effort to share best 
practices with suppliers and engage our stakeholders, 
we have enhanced our commitments over time and 
successfully made positive impacts to minimize risks 
to the world’s forests through our policies.
The Home Depot’s Wood Purchasing 
Policy outlines our additional 
commitments to: 
° Give preference to the purchase of wood and wood 
products that are certified and/or originate from 
well-managed forests 
° Require the purchase of wood and wood products 
from forest regions identified as at risk to be 
certified or plantation-grown
° Practice and promote the efficient and responsible 
use of wood and wood products 
° Promote and support the development and use of 
alternative environmental products 
° Require that our vendors and their suppliers of 
wood and wood products maintain compliance with 
laws and regulations pertaining to their operations 
and the products they manufacture, including the 
Lacey Act, a U.S. law that applies to plant and plant 
products, including wood
Overview Focus on Our People Operate Sustainably Strengthen Our Communities Responsible Business Practices Appendices
The Home Depot ESG Report | Fiscal 2023 52
Did you know?
We began participating in the CDP Forests 
disclosure process for the first time in 2023, 
which builds on our long-standing participation 
in the CDP Climate Change disclosure process. 
We plan to participate in this process annually, 
and we are also expanding the biodiversity-
related disclosures in our responses to the 
consolidated CDP questionnaire.

--- PAGE 53 ---

Check it out
The Home Depot’s Eco 
Actions website provides 
customers helpful resources 
and information about our 
suppliers who are proactively 
seeking ways to make their 
products and their 
manufacturing processes safer 
for the environment.
CIRCULARITY 
The Home Depot focuses on adding more 
alternatives to single-use products and 
packaging, which are quickly thrown 
away. We encourage our suppliers to 
innovate toward higher resource and 
materials efficiency, and we strive to offer 
products designed for longer use, reuse, 
recycling or composting. 
Since we introduced Circularity as one of our 
sustainability pillars in 2019, our focus has been to 
prevent products and packaging from becoming 
waste throughout the product lifecycle. 
We strive to offer products designed for a lower 
environmental impact, and we encourage suppliers to 
innovate how they produce and package products, 
with a focus on reuse and longevity.
Our Circularity Goals: 
° In 2023, we achieved our goal to exclude EPS foam 
and PVC film from new private-brand packaging.8
° We have a goal that all private-brand fiber 
packaging for new SKUs in our U.S. and Canada 
stores and online will be compostable, recyclable, 
or recycled content beginning in 2027.
° We plan to reduce or convert 200 million pounds of 
virgin plastic used in products to recycled or 
alternative material by the end of 2028. 
We also look for opportunities within our own 
operations to reduce, reuse and recycle. Our objective 
is to preserve our planet’s natural resources and 
protect its biodiversity from the impact of 
material disposal.
Along with our suppliers and vendors, we are 
developing our thinking and capabilities to: 
° Design with the environment in mind 
° Eliminate excess material 
° Eliminate materials that are not readily reusable 
or recyclable 
° Minimize mixed materials to enable simpler 
disassembly and recycling 
° Prioritize materials that are biodegradable or 
readily recyclable 
° Utilize recycled content, when possible, without 
compromising product efficacy 
° Promote minimization of environmental impact in 
manufacturing and consumer use
“We are committed to our 
customers’ preferences for 
sustainability. Over the past 
three years, our Private Brands 
team worked tirelessly with 
suppliers and merchants to 
remove EPS and PVC from 
new private-brand packaging 
by the end of 2023, setting the 
standard in this arena 
among retailers.”
HUA LI
Senior Vice President
Global Brand and 
Product Development 
Overview Focus on Our People Operate Sustainably Strengthen Our Communities Responsible Business Practices Appendices
The Home Depot ESG Report | Fiscal 2023 53

--- PAGE 54 ---

Product Circularity
In a circular economy, nothing is wasted. Materials are 
designed for longevity or reimagined to fulfill a new 
purpose, instead of being thrown away. Everyday 
items like plastic pots can enjoy a second life as 
hanging baskets, and plastic wrap can be transformed 
into deck boards or trash bags. 
Product circularity can make every part of a product’s 
lifespan more efficient. Recycled materials in product 
design lower the amount of natural resources used in 
manufacturing. Durable, reusable products lower 
the amount of waste sent to landfills. In addition, 
product circularity appeals to customers who 
want to do their part to help the planet.
Enacting Our Values:
Doing the Right Thing
Reducing waste
Entrepreneurial Spirit
Selling useful products 
for customers
Creating Shareholder Value
Creating new revenue streams
Overview Focus on Our People Operate Sustainably Strengthen Our Communities Responsible Business Practices Appendices
The Home Depot ESG Report | Fiscal 2023 54
DISCOVER OUR RECYCLING SUITE:
We recycle these hard-to-recycle materials
Metals
 Hard 
Plastics
Shrink 
Wrap
EPS Foam 
Packaging
CFCs17 From 
Reclaimed 
Appliances
SUPPLY CHAIN:
Circularity Initiatives
Soft plastic at Reverse Logistic Centers 
(RLCs) is baled and sent to our 
manufacturer of HDX trash bags
Three new PCR (post-
consumer recycled 
material) SKUs with 20% 
PCR content will be 
created and sold 
throughout U.S.
 
Between our market delivery 
operations and reverse logistic 
centers, we recycle not only metal, 
hard plastics and shrink wrap but 
also EPS packaging and the CFCs 
from reclaimed appliances.
Two styles of 13-gallon 
kitchen trash bags & 
one style of 33-gallon 
to 39-gallon heavy-duty 
outdoor trash bags
What is expanded polystyrene (EPS)?
An effective packaging material with a drawback: it takes more than a century to biodegrade.
New Circularity Initiative Launching in 2024
HDX Kitchen & Outdoor Trash Bags
Replacement for 3 
non-PCR HDX SKUs

--- PAGE 55 ---

Sustainable Packaging
As innovation around sustainable packaging materials 
evolves and recycling infrastructure expands, The 
Home Depot looks for opportunities where we have 
the ability to drive sustainable solutions and meet our 
customers’ expectations for quality packaging. By 
eliminating certain harmful materials and reducing the 
overall amount of packaging used, we are able to help 
reduce landfill waste and lower packaging-related 
GHG emissions.
Our packaging team partners with our private-brand 
product suppliers to apply science to create better 
packaging options. One way we achieve that is to 
reduce package footprints and use more sustainable 
materials to secure and protect the private-brand 
products we sell. From 2017 through 2023, our 
packaging innovations allowed us to redesign more 
than 1,280 packages to reduce size and materials.
Eliminating EPS & PVC
At the end of 2023, we achieved our goal to eliminate 
EPS foam and PVC film in new packaging for our 
private-brand products sold in our U.S. and Canada 
stores and online. By achieving this goal, we were 
able to meaningfully reduce our environmental impact 
by eliminating these hard-to-recycle materials, 
improve our customers’ experience with less 
packaging waste and reduce shipping costs with 
right-sized packages. Moving forward, we will 
continue to partner with our suppliers to keep these 
materials out of future packaging.
Fiber-Based Packaging Goal
Our packaging team has expanded its commitment to 
circularity by working toward our new packaging goal 
for all new private-brand fiber packaging to be 
compostable, recyclable or from recycled content 
across our U.S. and Canada stores beginning in 
fiscal 2027.
We define fiber packaging as:
° Paper
° Paper Board
° Blister cards
° Corrugate
° Molded pulp
° Wood
° Paper Materials
Our process starts with us researching current U.S. 
recycling infrastructure capabilities. Then we 
communicate our new goal with our suppliers, 
including our expectations and timeline. Next, we 
partner with them to explore alternative material 
options for our fiber-based packaging. As we find 
sustainable alternatives or create new designs, new 
products will be compliant as they are onboarded, and 
existing items will be assessed and updated.  
As we work towards this goal, we are also committed 
to meeting the expectations and ensuring the safety of 
our customers. This means that our new packaging 
must not only be more sustainable but also perform as 
well as or better than existing packaging. 
2023 by the Numbers
~6.0 million 
cubic feet
of EPS foam was removed from 
our private-brand packaging — 
equal to approximately 67 Olympic-
sized swimming pools
>39 million 
square feet
of PVC film was eliminated — 
enough to cover more than 513 
soccer fields
~1.5 million 
pounds
of damaged product avoided 
landfills due to private-branded 
packaging projects aimed at 
creating packaging to better 
protect products
~23 million 
packaging units
were right-sized from projects 
covering 280+ private-brand SKUs
Overview Focus on Our People Operate Sustainably Strengthen Our Communities Responsible Business Practices Appendices
The Home Depot ESG Report | Fiscal 2023 55

--- PAGE 56 ---

Spotlight
VANITIES
Our engineering team’s latest win came by the way of our private-brand vanities. They redesigned the packaging for many of our 
private-brand vanities, helping remove EPS foam from the packaging and replace it with more sustainable material like paper 
products or EPE foam, which is recyclable. These new materials and packaging redesigns also helped reduce the amount of 
damaged product.
Overview Focus on Our People Operate Sustainably Strengthen Our Communities Responsible Business Practices Appendices
The Home Depot ESG Report | Fiscal 2023 56
TBU#
Removed enough EPS 
foam to fill
>3,600 school
buses
Vanity project spanned
>20
separate
vendor partners
Redesigned packaging to remove 
EPS foam packaging from
>1,300 SKUs
and across
>3 million units

--- PAGE 57 ---

Recycle, Repair, Reuse
At The Home Depot, we practice Circularity in our own store and distribution operations. 
We look for ways to divert materials from the waste streams when we recycle supplies, 
repair equipment or reuse tools through our rental program.
Ways The Home Depot Supports Circularity
Recycle
by separating and collecting raw materials from our own waste streams and working with 
our suppliers to turn them into new products.
Overview Focus on Our People Operate Sustainably Strengthen Our Communities Responsible Business Practices Appendices
The Home Depot ESG Report | Fiscal 2023 57
POUNDS OF PLASTIC (LDPE):
19.4 million
17.5 million
18.3 million
2023
2022
2021
TONS OF METAL:
171,300
163,700
138,700
2023
2022
2021
POUNDS OF RECHARGEABLE 
BATTERIES:
1.2 million
1.3 million
1.2 million
2023
2022
2021
TONS OF CARDBOARD (OCC):
254,800
272,200
272,900
2023
2022
2021
LEAD-ACID BATTERY CORES:
POUNDS OF OBSOLETE 
TECHNOLOGY ASSETS:
2.7 million
4.8 million
2.8 million
2023
2022
2021
150,800
180,700
204,300
2023
2022
2021
POUNDS OF EPS FOAM:
5.6 million
4.9 million
2.4 million
2023
2022
2021
POUNDS OF CFL BULBS:
345,800
460,200
514,200
2023
2022
2021
Progress in 2023


--- PAGE 58 ---

Repair
items in our stores to extend the 
life of products and avoid the 
emissions from manufacturing 
replacements.
Reuse
materials so less waste goes 
into landfills.
Sustainable Shredding
In the U.S., we provided approximately 5 million 
pounds of shredded paper for recycling in 
2023.1 Here’s how that helped the planet:
Avoided over
26.0 million 
pounds
of CO2 emissions
Kept over
200,400 pounds
of solid waste out of landfills
Preserved over
60,100 trees
Conserved
7.4 million 
kilowatt hours
of electricity
Saved nearly
4.8 million gallons
of water
Overview Focus on Our People Operate Sustainably Strengthen Our Communities Responsible Business Practices Appendices
The Home Depot ESG Report | Fiscal 2023 58
13,500
12,100
10,700
2023
2022
2021
TOOL REPAIRS REFERRED TO
THIRD-PARTY SERVICE PROVIDERS
LARGE EQUIPMENT REPAIRS FOR TOOL RENTAL
79,800
68,600
61,200
2023
2022
2021
REPAIRS OF STORE EQUIPMENT18
150,500
159,000
147,300
2023
2022
2021
TONS OF RETURNS SALVAGED
129,000
126,600
114,900
2023
2022
2021
0.2 million
0.5 million
2.2 million
2023
2022
2021
8.4 million
8.4 million
8.7 million
2023
2022
2021
POUNDS OF RETURNS DONATED
TOOL RENTAL TRANSACTIONS
Progress in 2023 Progress in 2023

--- PAGE 59 ---

Responsible Waste 
Management
We’re committed to properly managing 
waste. We partner with vendors to keep 
improving how we and our customers 
reduce, reuse and recycle.
Hazardous Materials Disposal 
& Handling
Through our Handling Hazardous Materials program 
and in partnership with national hazardous waste 
haulers, we safely remove and properly dispose of 
hazardous waste material from our operations and 
customer returns. In 2023, our partners helped us to 
recycle approximately 5% of our hazardous waste. 
Our waste haul partners were also able to repurpose 
an additional approximately 28% of our hazardous 
waste for energy recovery.
Associate Training & Resources
Frontline associates receive annual training on 
recognizing and transporting hazardous materials. 
Associates who are responsible for managing storage 
and cleanup of hazardous materials complete 
additional in-depth environmental compliance training.
Information about and guidance for the cleanup, 
classification, labeling and storage of hazardous 
waste is available to associates through our hdPhones 
and our associate intranet site.
Overview Focus on Our People Operate Sustainably Strengthen Our Communities Responsible Business Practices Appendices
The Home Depot ESG Report | Fiscal 2023 59
Preventative Actions
We take specific steps to avoid spills and contamination across our stores with particular focus on 
these areas:
Garden center — Proper handling of fertilizer and pesticides bags, including checking for and 
properly repairing damaged bags.
Receiving and central storage — Appropriate procedures for handling, accumulating, storing, 
labeling and inventorying hazardous waste and separating potentially incompatible materials.
 
Inspections of key areas — Routine inspections of garden areas, parking lots and store 
entrances to identify potential problems; scheduled sweeps of fertilizer aisles and parking lots 
help protect against hazardous materials being washed into the environment.
Responsive Actions
If a spill does occur, we have the following resources in place to properly address it:
 
Spill kits and containers — Located throughout each store for prompt and effective cleanup 
and disposal of hazardous materials such as paint, solvents, aerosols, oil, fuel, pesticides 
and fertilizers.
 
Emergency response — A third-party consultant provides an emergency response team 
available 24/7 to assist with hazardous materials cleanup and, if necessary, provide 
remediation services.

--- PAGE 60 ---

WATER CONSERVATION
The Home Depot commits to conserving water as one of our five environmental pillars.
We work to reduce water consumption in our store operations and help guide our
customers to water-conserving products with product selection and labeling.
Store Operations
As water scarcity continues to impact many of our 
communities, we remain committed to taking steps to 
reduce our water consumption and helping our 
customers to do the same.
While our business relies on healthy watersheds in the 
regions where we operate, we know the greatest 
impact we can have is through the products we sell, 
like washing machines, toilets, dishwashers and 
faucets, which help reduce our customers’ water 
usage.
We aim to make this resource more abundant and 
readily available to the communities we serve.
Smart Irrigation
In 2019, we began rolling out smart irrigation systems 
to select stores to help reduce water demand. We 
found that, on average, these systems helped stores 
reduce water used to irrigate landscaping by 29%, 
compared to stores with traditional timer-based 
irrigation systems. Since launching this program, we 
installed systems in over 500 U.S. stores. 
These systems use in-ground sensors, real-time 
weather data and other data sources to guide when 
sprinklers come on and how long they operate. This 
approach helps water a store’s landscaped areas 
according to plants’ needs, rather than the clock.
Water Accumulation Tanks
In select stores, we use water catchment systems to 
store water in tanks used for irrigation in our garden 
centers. By recycling water rather than tapping it from 
the ground, we can reduce our strain on local 
water resources.
Water-Resilient Landscaping
For our zoned planting areas, we incorporate local 
species that do not require excess watering or 
maintenance, as they are adapted to the 
local ecosystem.
Dual-Flush Toilets
We have equipped store restrooms with dual-flush 
toilets that offer a low-water flush option. These 
models can reduce the water used per flush by half 
when the option with a lighter water flow is selected. 
Customers and associates can help conserve water 
resources by choosing the higher flow option only 
when necessary.
Overview Focus on Our People Operate Sustainably Strengthen Our Communities Responsible Business Practices Appendices
The Home Depot ESG Report | Fiscal 2023 60

--- PAGE 61 ---

Water-Saving Products
The Home Depot helps protect water 
resources by selling products designed 
to reduce water consumption.
We recognize that water is a vital natural resource that 
our customers rely on, and that is also necessary for 
healthy ecosystems and preserving biodiversity. The 
Home Depot’s biggest opportunity to conserve our 
planet’s water is through the products that we sell, 
which is why we work with our suppliers to encourage 
innovative products to help our customers save water 
and money. We also focus on educating customers 
on the benefits of switching to water-conserving 
products.
We partner with the EPA’s WaterSense program to 
help customers identify more efficient products. 
Products bearing the WaterSense label are certified to 
use at least 20% less water and perform as well as or 
better than regular models. In partnership with 
WaterSense, we also provide resources to help 
customers learn ways to reduce their water usage.
As the world’s largest home improvement retailer, we 
leverage our position to push for change through the 
products we decide to carry. An example of this is our 
strategic decision several years ago to only carry
WaterSense toilets in our stores. Together with our 
suppliers, we work to make it easier for our customers 
to reduce their water consumption.
In 2023, we continued to help our customers conserve 
water in their homes and businesses. Across our 
stores and online, we offered approximately 8,980 
water-saving products. This included approximately 
6,940 products bearing the U.S. EPA’s WaterSense 
label, and we sold more than 20 million units of those 
WaterSense products.
We estimate our customers’ purchases of WaterSense 
products in 2023 helped reduce annual water 
consumption by nearly 29 billion gallons, which would 
collectively mean savings of more than $613 million on 
water bills.
Our recognition that our biggest opportunity to help 
conserve water through the products we offer is why 
we have focused our public-facing goals around 
helping customers reduce their water usage. In 2023, 
we announced our commitment to help customers 
reduce their water usage by 100 billion gallons by 
2026 by continuing to encourage innovative 
products and expanding our assortment of 
water-saving products.
Minor leaks account for nearly 1 trillion gallons 
of wasted water each year. Learn how The 
Home Depot educates customers on ways to 
identify and fix leaks to save them water 
and money.
Overview Focus on Our People Operate Sustainably Strengthen Our Communities Responsible Business Practices Appendices
The Home Depot ESG Report | Fiscal 2023 61
Did you know?
In 2023, The Home Depot was recognized 
with its third consecutive WaterSense 
Partner of the Year award, and 7th 
since 2011.
Going Green, Saving Green19
Replacing a clock-based controller with a 
WaterSense-labeled irrigation controller 
can save your home up to
15,000 gallons
of water annually.
Approximately 5% to 10%  of 
U.S. homes have easy-to-fix 
leaks that drip away
90 gallons
a day or more.
Replacing old toilets with 
WaterSense models can help 
the average family save
13,000 gallons
a year.
Check it out

--- PAGE 62 ---

RESPONSIBLE CHEMISTRY
We address chemicals of concern in our products and provide transparency into our approach in our regularly updated 
Chemical Strategy.
We acknowledge our responsibility to manage our 
organization’s environmental impact, and our biggest 
impacts come from the products we sell. In 
partnership with stakeholders throughout the supply 
chain, we are committed to offering products that are 
safer for the environment and our customers.
With our encouragement, our suppliers have been 
investing in developing environmentally innovative 
products. We support the work of the Green 
Chemistry & Commerce Council (GC3) as a member 
and participate in the Retail Leadership Council of the 
GC3, including our collaborative work to develop the 
GC3’s Joint Statement on using Green Chemistry and 
Safer Alternatives to Advance Sustainable Products.
As part of our commitment, The Home Depot and 
many of our suppliers partner with respected third-
party certification and environmental organizations 
that guide the home improvement industry toward 
safer chemical ingredient use. 
Our Commitment
° The Home Depot commits to increasing our 
assortment of products that meet high 
environmental standards, including those 
with third-party certifications of their 
chemical ingredients.
° The Home Depot works with many suppliers 
to improve the chemistry of products in 
categories with the greatest potential impact 
on indoor air quality.
° We encourage our suppliers to continually review 
key product categories to track progress on 
environmental innovations in alternative chemistry.
Overview Focus on Our People Operate Sustainably Strengthen Our Communities Responsible Business Practices Appendices
The Home Depot ESG Report | Fiscal 2023 62
Flooring
Carpet
The Home Depot’s carpet suppliers are at the forefront of the industry-wide removal of 
chemicals of concern and using safer alternatives. All indoor wall-to-wall carpet sold in-store 
or online at The Home Depot stores in the U.S. and Canada excludes certain chemicals of 
concern and either has a third-party verification of transparency through the DECLARE® 
Label or Environmental Product Declarations (EPDs), or a certification of material health 
through Cradle to Cradle™ Products Innovation Institute or CRI Green Label Plus®. 
Vinyl
The Home Depot’s vinyl flooring suppliers pursue pace-setting efforts to continually improve 
the chemical profile of their products. As of January 2016, no ortho-phthalates are permitted 
as added plasticizers in vinyl flooring sold in The Home Depot stores in the U.S. and Canada.
Laminate Flooring
Laminate flooring in The Home Depot stores in the U.S. and Canada is verified by either 
GREENGUARD® Gold or FloorScore® certification to contain 0.0073 parts per million (ppm) 
or less of formaldehyde, which is stricter than the California Resources Board (CARB) 
Phase 2 standard of 0.05 ppm.
Did you know?
We evaluate our Chemical Strategy annually to ensure that our approach, goals and disclosure are 
appropriate and meet the needs of our stakeholders. 

--- PAGE 63 ---

Residential Household 
Cleaning Chemicals
The Home Depot works with suppliers to improve 
products that impact indoor air quality. In 2022, we 
completed our goal to eliminate certain added 
chemicals of concern from residential cleaning 
products sold in-store and online in the U.S. 
and Canada. 
Through our Eco Actions program, customers can 
identify environmentally preferred products, like those 
certified by third-party testers such as EPA’s Safer 
Choice and Cradle to Cradle.
Insulation
100% of our fiberglass insulation products  in the U.S. 
and Canada are GREENGUARD Gold certified and do 
not contain certain chemicals of concern. 
Gardening
The Home Depot offers organic soils, fertilizers and 
weed and pest control products as alternatives to 
synthetic pesticides and fertilizers. In 2016, we began 
offering local, organic vegetables and herbs. Since 
2017, half of our U.S. stores have committed to 
expanding our organics assortment. At the end of 
2018, we stopped treating plants in our garden 
centers with neonicotinoids in the U.S. and Canada, 
except where mandated by state law.
Painting Products
Paints
For over a decade, our paint suppliers have evolved 
their paint formulas and products to help maintain air 
quality. Our suppliers exclude chemicals of concern 
from our interior and exterior latex water-based wall 
paints in our U.S. and Canada stores. 
In our U.S. stores, many of our most popular 
brands carry interior paints that are GREENGUARD 
Gold certified. 
Paint-Tinting Colorants: In 2012, we transitioned our 
paint-tinting colorants in our U.S. and Canada stores 
from a solvent-based formulation to a safer water-
based formulation.
Volatile Organic Compounds (VOC): All of our 
interior and exterior latex water-based wall paints in 
our U.S. and Canada stores are zero- or low-VOC.
Paint Removers
The Home Depot is committed to working with 
suppliers and the EPA to identify alternatives to paint 
removers containing methylene chloride. We phased 
out methylene chloride and N-methyl-2-pyrrolidone 
(NMP) from paint removal products at the end of 2018.
Overview Focus on Our People Operate Sustainably Strengthen Our Communities Responsible Business Practices Appendices
The Home Depot ESG Report | Fiscal 2023 63
Did you know?
We commit to excluding added PFAS 
chemicals in our private-brand patio and home 
decor products by the end of 2025.

--- PAGE 64 ---

PROMOTING CUSTOMER ECO ACTIONS
We believe our greatest environmental impact comes from the products we sell, and 
our biggest opportunity to influence change is by helping introduce customers to more 
sustainable products.
We help our customers learn about our products so 
they can select and use products in ways that are 
safer, more efficient and have less impact on the 
environment. Our customers and suppliers have an 
important role to play in contributing a positive impact 
across all of the environmental sustainability pillars we 
prioritize: Carbon Emissions Reduction, Sustainable 
Forestry, Circularity, Water Conservation and 
Responsible Chemistry. Our goal to motivate our top- 
tier suppliers to have a business-relevant publicly-
stated sustainability goal that’s aligned with our five 
pillars by 2025 helps promote these priorities. 
Check it out
Our Eco Actions website offers insights and ideas 
on how people can do their part in their homes 
and gardens to create meaningful change.
Eco Actions
We look for opportunities to help educate our 
customers on ways they can reduce their 
environmental impact through the projects they take 
on. Building on the progress we made with our Eco 
Options program, which we launched in 2007 and 
focused on helping customers identify products that 
have less of an environmental impact, we rebranded 
this program in 2021 under our new Eco Actions 
program. Our Eco Actions program provides our 
customers with the resources they need to take 
individual action on environmental issues.
Our Eco Actions website provides customers with 
regularly updated content, insights and ideas from 
innovative partners to inspire sustainable action. The 
website has a page for each of our environmental 
pillars to educate customers about the issues we 
prioritize. Our Eco Action’s growing library of 
sustainable DIY content includes resources on:
° Installing resource-efficient equipment 
and appliances
° Winterization techniques for homes to save energy
° Organic and water-saving lawn care strategies
° Recycling resources for common household items
Overview Focus on Our People Operate Sustainably Strengthen Our Communities Responsible Business Practices Appendices
The Home Depot ESG Report | Fiscal 2023 64
Leading Sustainability
in Home Improvement
ENERGY STAR Appliances, 
Windows, Doors and 
Lighting
WaterSense Bath Faucets, 
Shower Heads and Toilets
Safer Choice Cleaners

--- PAGE 65 ---

Smart Home Upgrades
As our customers build, operate and renovate homes, 
their product choices can significantly reduce 
residential carbon emissions. We help our customers 
make energy-saving home upgrades that can bring 
savings on energy costs while making a positive 
environmental impact.
We have set several goals focused on helping 
customers save on energy costs through a variety of 
product-related activities, which includes our SBTi-
validated target to reduce emissions from the use of 
products we've sold by 42% by 2030, from our 2020 
base year. Read more on page 23.
ENERGY STAR Products
Thanks to our partnership with U.S. Environmental 
Protection Agency’s ENERGY STAR program, we sell 
ENERGY STAR-labeled products. These labels 
identify products that are more energy-efficient 
than standard products of their class. This way, 
customers can quickly compare the energy efficiency 
of different products, like home lighting, appliances 
and equipment.
Home Winterization
The U.S. EPA estimates air sealing and insulation 
improvements can save homeowners approximately 
11% on their home heating and cooling costs. We 
have added information on winterization strategies to 
our Eco Actions website to help our customers learn 
ways to prevent air leaks throughout their homes in 
attics, garage doors, windows, air ducts and other 
parts of the home typically built with low insulation.
Smart Home Strategies
Customers can learn how to choose and install smart 
thermostats, tankless water heaters, solar-powered 
garden lighting and other techniques to minimize 
excess energy use. We recommend these 
technologies and clearly identify the benefits or energy 
savings potential on our Eco Actions website. For 
instance, tankless water heaters are up to 30% more 
energy-efficient than traditional natural gas 
water heaters.
Battery-Operated Equipment
As more of the national energy grid converts to 
renewable energy sources, our customers can reduce 
their carbon emissions footprint at home by choosing 
electric-powered equipment. We give advice on our 
Eco Actions website about how to care for and 
maintain battery-powered handheld tools charged by 
lithium-ion batteries. We also share the additional 
benefits of these tools, such as their cordless, low-
volume design.
To expand our range of available rechargeable battery 
technology, we recently set a goal to have 85% of 
U.S. and Canada’s in-store and online sales of 
outdoor power equipment run on rechargeable battery 
technology by the end of 2028.
Solar-Power Installation
According to the Solar Energy Industry Association, in 
2023 the U.S. solar market installed 32.4 gigawatts 
(GWdc) of capacity, a 51% increase from 2022. Solar 
energy now makes up more than half of new 
generating capacity for the first time. Residential solar 
power also set an annual record with 6.8 GWdc 
installed in the U.S., increasing 13% compared 
to 2022. 
We aim to support the continued growth of the 
residential solar market by making home solar panels 
more accessible to our customers, which enables 
them to produce their own renewable energy for use 
throughout the home.
In 2023, The Home Depot offered solar panel and 
home battery storage sales and installation services 
from our stores. Approximately 5,700 U.S. customers 
purchased solar systems at The Home Depot in 2023.
The solar energy systems from our suppliers can also 
send excess power from customers’ homes back to 
the electric grid. That enables an entire community to 
benefit from solar power.
  
Overview Focus on Our People Operate Sustainably Strengthen Our Communities Responsible Business Practices Appendices
The Home Depot ESG Report | Fiscal 2023 65
Did you know?
We partner with suppliers to offer our customers fully 
electric power equipment which are safer, deliver 
significantly lower emissions and are quieter than 
traditional gas-powered equipment.


--- PAGE 66 ---

 
Overview Focus on Our People Operate Sustainably Strengthen Our Communities Responsible Business Practices Appendices
The Home Depot ESG Report | Fiscal 2023 66
Windows
Upgrading to ENERGY STAR-
certified windows lowers 
household energy bills by an 
average of 12%, in addition to 
improving home comfort.
Smart Thermostat
ecobee®, who was named 
ENERGY STAR partner of the 
year for the third year in a row 
in 2023, offers products like 
the Smart Thermostat 
Premium, which can help 
homes save up to 26% on 
heating and cooling costs.
Energy-Saving Products
HVAC
ENERGY STAR-certified central air 
conditioners have higher seasonal 
energy efficiency ratio (SEER) and 
energy efficiency ratio (EER) ratings 
and use 8% less energy than 
conventional new models.
Insulation
On average homeowners can save 
15% on heating and cooling costs 
by air sealing their homes and 
adding insulation in attics, floors 
over crawl spaces and basements.

--- PAGE 67 ---

From Forestry to Gardening
As we discuss on page 51, sustainable forestry is an 
important component to our supply of wood products 
and building supplies. Our commitment to biodiversity 
also extends to many of the gardening products that 
we offer.
We promote sustainable ecosystems by encouraging 
our customers to adopt responsible gardening 
products and methods. Our partnerships with local 
growers enable us to offer healthy, environmentally 
beneficial plants and support businesses in the 
communities we serve.
The Home Depot partners with our growers and 
suppliers in advance of each growing season to offer 
trees, blooms and edible plants that support local 
environments and pollinators. Our gardening product 
offerings are informed by our understanding that 
backyards, balconies and patios are well-being 
retreats for our customers and mini-ecosystems that 
have an impact on their surroundings.
Check it out
See our assortment of organic soils, seeds, 
plants and more at homedepot.com. Plus, find 
helpful videos and how-tos to get started with 
organic gardening.
Growing Organic
We offer a v a r i e t y  o f  o r g a n i c ,  n o n - ͏ G M O  v e g e t a b l e  a n d  
herb plants grown according to methods approved by 
the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) National 
Organic program. Only products that have been 
certified as meeting the USDA’s organic production 
and handling standards may carry the USDA 
Organic seal.
Native Plants
Our growers work closely with U.S. states’ 
departments of agriculture to identify invasive plants 
that may threaten local native plants.
Supporting Local Growers
We are proud to partner with more than 130 plant 
growers who balance the impact of their production 
with local environmental issues and growing 
conditions in their regions.
Did you know?
We partner with companies like 
ScottsMiracle-GroTM, who lead the 
industry in innovative sustainable 
gardening products. By partnering with 
ScottsMiracle-Gro, we are able to provide 
our customers with products that are 
designed to use less water and offer 
organic and natural gardening alternatives.
Overview Focus on Our People Operate Sustainably Strengthen Our Communities Responsible Business Practices Appendices
The Home Depot ESG Report | Fiscal 2023 67


--- PAGE 68 ---

Rental, Recycling 
and Compost
Circularity is important not only to The Home Depot 
operations and supply chain, but also in our products 
and services for customers. That’s why we support a 
number of opportunities that help customers 
implement circular economy principles in their daily 
lives. Learn more about Circularity here.
Tool Rental
The Home Depot has been renting tools to customers 
since 1995. In 2023, we had more than 8.4 million tool 
rental transactions. Our tool rental program, popular 
for both our DIY and Professional customers, supports 
a circular economy by extending the life of tools 
through sharing, repair and routine maintenance.
Recycling and Compost
At the front of The Home Depot stores, we provide 
drop-off recycling bins with specialized services, 
depending on the region and our various partnerships. 
A few examples are our rechargeable battery recycling 
partnership with the nonprofit recycling program 
Call2Recycle, plastic garden pot recycling with East 
Jordan Plastics and compact fluorescent light (CFL) 
bulb recycling with US Ecology and Clean Earth. 
In addition to offering recycling stations to customers, 
we also sell a wide range of products made from 
recycled materials as well as materials that customers 
can recycle. We sell insulation made from recycled 
EPS, decking from recycled shrink wrap and fully 
recyclable paint cans. 
Composting
The Home Depot supports composting by selling the 
necessary bins and supplies as well as providing 
learning resources on our Eco Actions website, so 
customers can practice composting in their own 
homes, lawns and gardens.
In addition to promoting customer compost, we also 
sell nutrient-rich compost across our Pacific 
Northwest stores, which is produced from 
composted organic materials collected at our stores. 
We accomplish this closed-loop production thanks to 
our partnership with the composting company 
Cedar Grove.
Water-Saving Systems
Customers of The Home Depot have significant 
opportunities to minimize their water use at home 
through a number of DIY projects we encourage on 
our Eco Actions website.
WaterSense
Customers can quickly identify water-saving faucets, 
shower heads and appliances that carry the 
WaterSense label. These products have a lower-flow 
design, to tap the right amount of water needed for 
various applications. We also support related water-
saving Eco Actions by educating customers how to fix 
leaky faucets on our Eco Actions website. Learn more 
about our water conservation efforts here.
Gardening Irrigation
Customers can see water-saving systems in action at 
our Home Depot stores, where we install drip irrigation 
and catchment systems to conserve water. On our 
Eco Actions website, we educate our DIY customers 
how to design and build water-saving systems for 
their own gardening and lawn care at home.
Overview Focus on Our People Operate Sustainably Strengthen Our Communities Responsible Business Practices Appendices
The Home Depot ESG Report | Fiscal 2023 68


--- PAGE 69 ---

Safe Home Environments
In partnership with stakeholders 
throughout our supply chain, we are 
committed to offering products that 
are safer for our customers to use in 
their homes.
Our Responsible Chemistry environmental pillar is an 
important part of promoting the safety of all of our 
home furnishings and products. In 2017, we published 
our Chemical Strategy to encourage the exclusion of 
certain chemicals from paint, flooring, insulation, 
household cleaning and paint removers.
Cleaning Product Labels
The Home Depot offers environmentally preferred 
cleaners that carry third-party certifications validating 
their eco-friendly claims. Cleaning products that are 
non-toxic, biodegradable, free from harmful 
chemicals, plant-based and not tested on animals 
allow our customers to achieve clean and more 
sustainable homes.
Indoor Air Quality 
People in the U.S. spend 90% of their time indoors 
on average. The U.S. EPA estimates that some air 
pollutants are found in concentrations two-to-five 
times higher indoors than outdoors. We sell high-
performance air filters and ENERGY STAR rated air 
purifiers to help customers improve their health and 
comfort at home and remove dangerous mold and 
particulate matter from the air they breathe.
Overview Focus on Our People Operate Sustainably Strengthen Our Communities Responsible Business Practices Appendices
The Home Depot ESG Report | Fiscal 2023 69
Spotlight
ECO-FRIENDLY CLEANING 
PRODUCT SPOTLIGHT
OdoBan® 3-in-1 Carpet Cleaner is three 
products in one: a traffic lane pre-
treatment, extraction cleaner and an 
effective deep cleaner for carpets 
through the use of safer ingredients. 
U.S. EPA Safer Choice certified and 
exclusive to the Home Depot.
Identifies products that use 
safer chemical ingredients 
without sacrificing 
performance
Identifies products that meet 
emissions standards for 
helping reduce indoor air 
pollution and risk of 
chemical exposure
Certifies no animal testing 
in manufacturing
Certifies manufacturers’ 
commitment to improving what 
products are made of and how 
they’re made
Ensures a USDA-verified 
amount of renewable 
biological ingredients
Certifies environmental 
stewardship, social 
responsibility and quality


--- PAGE 70 ---

Overview Focus on Our People Operate Sustainably Strengthen Our Communities Responsible Business Practices Appendices
The Home Depot ESG Report | Fiscal 2023 70
Our Core Values shape our commitment 
to making the communities we serve 
stronger and more resilient. Our community 
partnerships, investments, training and 
volunteering programs demonstrate 
our values.
Community Partnerships 72
Supplier Diversity 74
Veteran Support 76
Trades Training: Our Path to Pro Programs 79
Disaster Relief & Response 81
Strengthen Our Communities

--- PAGE 71 ---

STRENGTHEN OUR COMMUNITIES
The Home Depot focuses our involvement and support within our communities on our 
Core Values of Giving Back and Respect for All People. We aim to strengthen our 
communities by pursuing programs targeted around four main priorities that support our 
broader purpose.
 
Diversity: We commit to promoting 
diversity and inclusion through 
community partnerships and our 
Supplier Diversity program.
  
Veterans’ Needs: We support veterans 
who have served the U.S. with a focus 
on affordable and safe housing for 
veterans, family benefits, transition 
programs and post-service careers.
 
Natural Disaster Response: 
Communities in disaster-prone areas 
require support to rebuild and repair 
damage after experiencing losses. 
Our programs provide disaster 
preparedness, short-term response 
and long-term recovery through 
volunteering, financial support and 
distributing critical supplies.
Skilled Trades Training - Path to Pro: 
We commit to educating more people in 
the skilled trades and helping them find 
careers in the home improvement 
industry.
“Everything we do at The Home Depot goes back to taking care of 
people. Our culture centers around serving our customers, 
associates and communities in ways that change people’s lives.”
CRYSTAL HANLON,
Senior Vice President and Culture Officer
Overview Focus on Our People Operate Sustainably Strengthen Our Communities Responsible Business Practices Appendices
The Home Depot ESG Report | Fiscal 2023 71
Our community involvement programs are 
led by three separate Home Depot 
participants, each fulfilling a unique role for 
community service:
° Our Core Business: The Home Depot 
engages its Tier I and Tier II suppliers to 
promote diversity and inclusion and 
supports suppliers who are aligned with 
and promote its Core Values.
° The Foundation: The Home Depot 
Foundation, a mission-driven charitable 
organization, provides support for veteran 
causes, pursues initiatives around its Path 
to Pro skilled trades training program and 
helps impacted communities with disaster 
relief.
° Team Depot: Our associate volunteer 
force multiplies our business and 
Foundation investments by allowing local 
associates to provide in-person aid.


--- PAGE 72 ---

COMMUNITY PARTNERSHIPS
We work with an extensive network of nonprofit organizations made up of thousands of local and national organizations to amplify 
our support to the communities we serve.
The Home Depot and The Home Depot Foundation partner with and invest in organizations whose programs align with our Core Values of Giving Back and Respect for All 
People, while the Foundation’s efforts specifically focus on its three areas of support: U.S. veterans, communities impacted by natural disasters and skilled 
tradespeople training.
The Home Depot 
Foundation
DEI Talent
Acquisition
Government
Relations
The Home Depot Foundation works 
with a powerful network of nonprofit 
organizations to build, repair and 
enhance homes for veterans, train 
the next generation of tradespeople 
and provide relief to communities 
impacted by natural disasters. Some 
of our partners include:
° The American Red Cross
° Habitat for Humanity
° Home Builders Institute (HBI)
° Meals on Wheels America
° The National Coalition for 
Homeless Veterans (NCHV)
° Operation Blessing International
° SkillPointe Foundation
° Team Rubicon
° U.S.VETS
° Volunteers of America (VOA)
We partner with organizations that 
promote diversity, equity and 
inclusion through programming 
which enables us to deliver on our 
community commitments. Our local 
and national partners support our 
communities and include some of 
the following organizations:
° American Indian College Fund
° Ken’s Krew
° Latin American Association
° National Association of 
Chinese Americans
° UNCF
° Urban League of Greater Atlanta
We partner with many different 
organizations to help recruit talent 
across many levels of our 
organization from a broad range of 
communities. Some of our 
resources include:
° HBCU Career Development 
Marketplace program
° Hiring our Heroes
° Latinas in Tech
° Morehouse College
° National Society of 
Black Engineers
° Society of Hispanic 
Professional Engineers
° Society of Women Engineers
° Society of Women in Business 
and Women in Engineering
° Spelman College - Spelprenuer 
Program
° Women in Machine Learning
° Women in Technology
We engage with numerous political 
organizations to ensure that all 
voices are included in the political 
process. Key alliances include:
° Board of Latino 
Legislative Leaders
° Congressional Black 
Caucus Foundation
° Congressional Hispanic 
Leadership Institute
° National Black Caucus of 
State Legislators
° Women in Government Relations
Overview Focus on Our People Operate Sustainably Strengthen Our Communities Responsible Business Practices Appendices
The Home Depot ESG Report | Fiscal 2023 72

--- PAGE 73 ---

2023 Retool Your 
School Program
About the Program
Since 2009, our campus improvement grant 
program has helped fund more than 200 projects 
benefiting nearly 72%  of the nation’s Historically 
Black Colleges and Universities (HBCUs).
In 2023, The Home Depot’s Retool Your School 
campus improvement grant program marked its 14th 
year of commitment to HBCUs and the pivotal role 
they play in our higher education system.
The Home Depot also quadrupled its investment in 
2023 by doubling its flagship campus improvement 
grants and by investing to support new grants focused 
on community projects and career resources for 
students in its Retool Your School program. As a part 
of the increased investment, our commitment will help 
prepare HBCU students to thrive in their future careers 
with new needs-based programs, including career 
workshops and innovation lounges that aim to help 
students explore entrepreneurship and career paths 
and to invest in their communities.
By the Numbers
$3,160,000
awarded in grants in 2023
30+
schools received 
$10,000-$150,000 each
200+
grants have been awarded 
since 2009 to fund a variety 
of campus improvement 
projects
Spotlight
Innovation Lounge Grants 
and More
In 2023, The Home Depot invested in needs-
based grants, such as innovation lounge 
renovations and community projects, to go 
beyond its flagship campus improvement 
grants. 
In addition to creating spaces that will 
improve students' educational experience, 
these new investments seek to increase 
student collaboration, morale and success. 
The innovation lounges provide a workspace 
and atmosphere that mimics those found in 
modern tech and corporate workplaces 
because these spaces are proven to foster 
higher focus, creativity and performance.
“The Home Depot’s commitment to HBCUs 
goes deeper than just financial support,” said 
Molly Battin, senior vice president and chief 
marketing officer. “We recognize that HBCUs 
are fundamental to academic success and 
professional development in both the 
communities they serve and our nation as a 
whole. We’re committed to preserving that 
incredible history and seeing that it continues 
to grow.”
Overview Focus on Our People Operate Sustainably Strengthen Our Communities Responsible Business Practices Appendices
The Home Depot ESG Report | Fiscal 2023 73
Did you know?
As of 2023, The Home Depot has 
invested more than $8.4 million to 
update and upgrade HBCU campuses.

--- PAGE 74 ---

SUPPLIER DIVERSITY
Doing business with a diverse group of suppliers provides us with innovative products that create a competitive advantage and meet 
the needs of our customers.
At The Home Depot, we believe that a diverse supplier base makes us more competitive, fosters innovation and aligns with our Core Value of Respect for All People. We work 
to ensure fair and equitable purchasing practices across both merchandising and non-merchandising suppliers, while remaining our customers’ advocate for quality and value. 
Since 2003, we have invested in and celebrated entrepreneurs through our Supplier Diversity program, which has helped drive innovation, create jobs and foster a positive 
impact in the communities we serve. In 2023, we accounted for approximately $3.2 billion of spend with diverse suppliers.
Investments like our Tier II program are designed to provide greater visibility of the spend from our direct, or Tier I suppliers, to the diverse businesses with whom they do 
business. We also partner with organizations that provide certification, education and opportunities for business development and networking.
   
Women’s Business Enterprise 
National Council (WBENC)
National Minority Supplier 
Development (NMSDC)
Georgia Hispanic Chamber of 
Commerce (GHCC)
US Pan Asian American 
Chamber of Commerce 
(USPAACC)
Disability:IN Greater Women’s Business 
Council
The National Center 
for American Indian Enterprise 
Development
National LGBT Chamber of 
Commerce (NGLCC)
National Veteran Business 
Development Center (NVBDC)
Georgia Minority Supplier 
Development Council
United States Black Chambers, 
Inc. (USBC)
U.S. Hispanic Chamber of 
Commerce (USHCC)
Overview Focus on Our People Operate Sustainably Strengthen Our Communities Responsible Business Practices Appendices
The Home Depot ESG Report | Fiscal 2023 74

--- PAGE 75 ---

  
Spotlight
DIVERSE SUPPLIERS: GROWING TOGETHER
The Home Depot’s Supplier Diversity program includes women-, minority-, 
veteran-, LGBTQ+- and disability-owned business partners. We value a 
supply chain ecosystem that drives innovation, allows us to provide the best 
customer experience and creates economically healthy communities.
We are proud to partner with Prestige Maintenance USA, a woman-owned business led by Rachel 
Sanchez, CEO, and Jason Dinverno, COO, whose parents established the company in 1976. 
Now with over 1,000 employees, Prestige Maintenance delivers scalable and consistent high-quality 
cleaning, preventative maintenance and building maintenance management services. Through their 
technology investments, Prestige Maintenance has also helped increase efficiencies around 
monthly inspections and the ability to make real-time work order changes.
LERMA/, a Hispanic-owned business founded by Pedro Lerma, has been a valuable partner of 
The Home Depot for 14 years. LERMA/ is an independent full-service creative agency whose 
team is dedicated to crafting insightful and culturally relevant communications to help reach 
across audiences. 
Winner of Ad Age’s Small Agency of the Year Award in 2022 
and 2023, LERMA/ has helped The Home Depot create 
advertising campaigns that support our customer-backed 
focus and create ads that reach a broader customer base. 
Most recently, LERMA/ supported our new partnership with 
the National Collegiate Athletics Association (NCAA) during 
the 2024 March Madness tournament.
Overview Focus on Our People Operate Sustainably Strengthen Our Communities Responsible Business Practices Appendices
The Home Depot ESG Report | Fiscal 2023 75


--- PAGE 76 ---

VETERAN SUPPORT
We are dedicated to giving back to U.S. veterans through our efforts to end veteran homelessness, create housing for our most 
critically wounded veterans and ensure our aging veterans have a safe place to call home.
The Home Depot Foundation
For more than a decade, The Home Depot Foundation 
has been honored to support the U.S. military veteran 
community. Through its commitment to serving U.S. 
veterans, the Foundation recently surpassed $500 
million invested in veteran causes since 2011, meeting 
its previous financial commitment two years early. 
Following this achievement, the Foundation is growing 
its mission to serve those who served through an 
updated commitment to invest $750 million in 
veteran causes by the end of fiscal year 2030.
Giving back to veterans is part of The Home Depot’s 
culture and aligns with our Core Values. Whether it’s 
the veterans and military spouses in our workforce or 
those in our communities, we are focused on helping 
support the brave men and women who served 
our country.
The Foundation works to improve the homes and lives 
of veterans through its efforts to end veteran 
homelessness, build accessible homes for veterans 
catastrophically wounded in combat and improve 
existing veteran housing through critical home repairs. 
In 2023, the Foundation provided more than $58 
million in grants to veteran causes through nonprofit 
partners like Habitat for Humanity International, 
Volunteers of America and Jared Allen’s Homes for 
Wounded Warriors. As part of the Foundation’s 
recently announced expanded commitment to veteran 
causes, it, along with its partners, pledged in 2023 to 
enable more than 800 critical home repairs for 
veterans, provide more than 500 units of housing for 
at-risk veterans and support the construction of five 
new mortgage-free smart homes for combat-wounded 
veterans.
“Across the U.S., there are more than 35,00020 
veterans who face homelessness on any given night.” 
said Erin Izen, Executive Director of The Home Depot 
Foundation. “The Home Depot Foundation works to 
ensure safe, affordable housing for our nation’s 
homeless and combat-wounded veterans.”
The Home Depot Foundation surpassed its 
commitment of
$500 million
invested in veteran causes since 
2011, two years early
Team Depot
In 2023, Team Depot, The Home Depot’s associate 
volunteer force, continued to partner with the 
Foundation to help improve the homes and lives of 
veterans, reaching approximately 1.6 million hours of 
service to veterans since 2011.
In honor of Veterans Day, the Foundation kicked off its 
2023 Operation Surprise initiative once again to help 
provide life-changing moments of surprise through 
service to U.S. veterans and their families. Team 
Depot completed 360 projects, mobilized more than 
11,000 Team Depot volunteers and helped the 
Foundation surpass $500 million invested in 
veteran causes.
Overview Focus on Our People Operate Sustainably Strengthen Our Communities Responsible Business Practices Appendices
The Home Depot ESG Report | Fiscal 2023 76
Individuals who have served in the U.S. 
military continue to be overrepresented in the 
homeless adult population, based on 
estimates from the U.S. Department of 
Housing and Urban Development. In addition, 
the Housing Assistance Council estimates 
more than 3 million veterans live in inadequate 
housing. Through The Home Depot 
Foundation, Team Depot and our nonprofit 
partners, we have built, renovated and 
enhanced more than 60,000 veteran homes 
and facilities since 2011.
Did you know?

--- PAGE 77 ---

Military Careers
The Home Depot believes military veterans 
possess important qualities that align with our 
culture, including commitment, leadership and 
decision-making skills. This is why we have 
worked to develop programs to help veterans 
and their families continue to be part of a culture 
that takes care of each other and makes 
a difference. 
Our veteran-focused programs and career 
opportunities have made The Home Depot an 
employer of choice for tens of thousands of 
veterans and have made us a Military Friendly 
employer for 20 years. 
Learn more: careers.homedepot.com/military
Did you know?
In 2023, The Home Depot announced a partnership with the Army & Air Force Exchange Service and 
the Navy Exchange to offer tax-free major appliances to military customers. The branded showrooms 
are present in 85 Exchange locations across the country. Appliances are available for purchase through 
Home Depot's branded online page at shopmyexchange.com and mynavyexchange.com.
The Home Depot’s Military Discount Benefit also continues to provide 10% off eligible purchases. It’s 
available both in-store and online, and we extend it to all active U.S. military members and veterans, 
plus their spouses and Gold Star spouses every day, affirming the Company’s commitment to serving 
the U.S. military community nationwide. More information is available at www.homedepot.com/military.
To learn more about our broader commitment to U.S. veterans, see Veteran Support on page 76.
Overview Focus on Our People Operate Sustainably Strengthen Our Communities Responsible Business Practices Appendices
The Home Depot ESG Report | Fiscal 2023 77


--- PAGE 78 ---

Support Programs
Our transition support programs aim to attract and 
hire veterans whose unique leadership skills align with 
our Company’s culture and values:
Military Fellowship Program: 12-week experiential 
program tailored to post-military careers in fields such 
as project management, cybersecurity, data analytics, 
supply chain and retail management, among others. 
Learn more at thd.co/fellowship.
Military Spouse Career Accelerator Pilot: 12-week 
fellowship sponsored by the Department of Defense 
provides hands-on professional training and 
mentoring to military spouses in the civilian workplace.
Mission Transition: A series of self-paced, online 
courses dedicated to supporting job seekers from the 
military community. The courses are filled with 
content, scenarios and language specific to 
experience found in a military career and are 
available at no cost to the public. Learn more at 
thd.co/missiontransition.
Overview Focus on Our People Operate Sustainably Strengthen Our Communities Responsible Business Practices Appendices
The Home Depot ESG Report | Fiscal 2023 78
Spotlight
FOCUSING ON THOSE WHO SERVE
Military service members and military 
spouses are resilient, resourceful and 
team-minded. Supporting them is the 
right thing to do for our communities 
and our Company.
The Home Depot is committed to honoring those 
who actively serve and veterans of the United 
States military. Our focus on the military 
community and their families includes the tens of 
thousands of veterans and military spouses in our 
workforce. Through our Military Relations Team, 
we have created new ways to make The Home 
Depot an employer of choice for military 
members, veterans and their families.
Erik Caldwell, Vice President of Supply Chain 
Operations at The Home Depot is a U.S. Army 
Veteran. Erik leads a team focused across all 
distribution platforms with functional support 
such as engineering, maintenance, quality, 
automation, strategy and planning to help 
operations standardize their approach and reduce 
process friction in the field. The best sites do 
everything well with high levels of engagement, 
safety, service and productivity, and his team 
works to help translate this success across entire 
distribution platforms.
Erik joined the company in January 2023, 
leveraging his past experience as a senior leader 
at the two largest global logistics providers. He 
also brings with him knowledge from running 
supply chain and digital operations supporting 
several well known brands.
Prior to his successful business career, Erik 
served in the U.S. Army. After enlisting directly 
out of high school, he became a Combat 
Engineer and was deployed to Germany and 
Desert Storm as a team leader of a sapper 
squad. He then went on to attend the U.S. 
Military Academy at West Point, where he was 
commissioned as an Armor Officer and served for 
an additional six years.
“Over time, I still find myself 
thinking of roles as comparable 
to the military, ‘that job is like a 
Company Commander position 
directly in charge of 120 
associates’ or ‘that role is a lot 
like a brigade operations leader 
role supporting planning and 
execution for an organization of 
4,000 people.’”
ERIK CALDWELL
Vice President of
Supply Chain Operations


--- PAGE 79 ---

TRADES TRAINING: OUR PATH TO PRO PROGRAMS
The U.S. labor shortage in skilled trades 
directly impacts our industry and 
economy. We are committed to educating 
prospects in the skilled trades and 
helping them find careers in the home 
improvement industry.
We are committed to educating more people in the 
skilled trades and helping them upskill and find 
careers in the home improvement industry. With more 
than 400,000 open roles in the trades nationally, we 
can’t tackle this work alone. Industry leaders like 
Home Builders Institute (HBI), Construction Ready, 
and SkillPointe Foundation are helping us prepare 
skilled people for these opportunities.
In 2018, The Home Depot Foundation launched its 
Path to Pro program, which provides training 
programs, scholarships and certifications to 
underserved groups in our communities, including 
youth and separating service members. In 2020, The 
Home Depot also launched a program to include more 
educational resources, coursework and job placement 
support. The expanded program now connects our 
network of professional customers with job seekers 
through the Path to Pro Network. These 
complementary programs combine our core business 
values and capabilities to address our 
stakeholders' needs while supporting the communities 
around us.
The Home Depot Foundation
The Home Depot Foundation’s Path to Pro program 
has committed $50 million to train the next generation 
of skilled tradespeople and address the growing labor 
shortage in the U.S.
Since launching this program, the Foundation’s 
trades-focused partnerships have introduced more 
than 210,000 people to the skilled trades and have 
trained more than 41,000 participants through 
programming available to youth, high school 
students, underserved communities and separating 
U.S. military.
In 2023, The Foundation granted more than $6 million 
to skilled trades training initiatives and launched new 
strategic partnerships. These include a brand new 
entrepreneurship program and will provide free, skilled 
trades training and scholarships for more separating 
U.S. service members, veterans, military families and 
high school students.
Military Program
The Home Depot Foundation’s Path to Pro military 
program, in partnership with Home Builders Institute 
(HBI) and the Department of Defense’s SkillBridge 
program, is offered on 10 U.S. military installations 
and provides exiting service members access to a 
free, 12-week program that provides industry-
recognized pre-apprenticeship certification training 
(PACT) and OSHA 10 certifications. Over 3,000 
transitioning service members have graduated from 
this 12-week program, ready to start a new career in 
the trades.
Youth Program
In partnership with HBI, the Path to Pro high school 
program offers PACT curriculum and hands-on 
experience to 11th and 12th grade students in schools 
across more than 30 states. The Foundation also 
partners with Construction Ready (formerly CEFGA) to 
provide K-12 trades training programs across more 
than 180 schools in Georgia.
Academy Program
Also in partnership with HBI, the Foundation supports 
the community-based Path to Pro academy program, 
which offers training and certification for adult 
populations. Path to Pro academies have successfully 
trained more than 1,600 students. Through several 
academies across the country, this partnership 
provides an innovative approach to filling the 
trades gap.
Scholarship Program
Through the Path to Pro scholarship program, The 
Home Depot Foundation and SkillPointe Foundation 
have awarded more than 385 scholarships for 
students nationwide to continue their education at a 
qualifying trades school or community college.
PathtoPro.com outlines The Home Depot and 
The Home Depot Foundation’s collective Path 
to Pro initiatives.
Overview Focus on Our People Operate Sustainably Strengthen Our Communities Responsible Business Practices Appendices
The Home Depot ESG Report | Fiscal 2023 79
Check it out

--- PAGE 80 ---

The Home Depot Business
Path to Pro: Connecting with a New Generation of Skilled 
Trades Professionals
With 40% of the construction workforce set to retire 
over the next decade, there continues to be an 
unprecedented demand for skilled labor nationwide. 
The Millennial and Gen Z generations had less 
individuals pursuing a career in the skilled trades, 
instead opting for post-secondary options like a 
4-year degree. Less than 3% of young people today 
are interested in a career in the trades. In response, 
The Home Depot launched a multimillion-dollar 
national brand campaign in December 2023. The 
campaign targeted Millennial and Gen Z audiences to 
compare the talent and dedication of skilled trades 
professionals to that of professional athletes in the 
featured commercial spot, “Going Pro.” The campaign 
successfully drove critical awareness of skilled 
trades among younger generations, breaking down 
stereotypes that prevent new individuals from ever 
entering the construction industry. The Home Depot is 
helping future tradespeople build their careers through 
the Path to Pro program. Learn more at 
pathtopro.com.
Bringing Language Accessibility to PathtoPro.com
Since 2021, pathtopro.com has served Student, 
Parent, Advisor, Military and Pro audiences by 
providing Skilled Trades career resources, free training 
and job connection opportunities. In 2023, the entire 
site launched in Spanish to serve more than 30% of 
the skilled trades industry who are native Spanish 
speakers. Additionally, downloadable resources and 
guides are now available in English and Spanish 
for those seeking more information about careers in 
the trades. All Path to Pro Network user guides were 
published in Spanish to help more users access the 
experience, and new language options were added for 
jobseekers to feature on their profiles for hiring Pros. 
Diversifying Coursework in the Path to Pro 
Skills Program
The Path to Pro Skills Program offers free, on-demand 
training options for those interested in pursuing and 
growing a career in the skilled trades. In 2023, all Skills 
program training curriculum was translated to Spanish 
to accommodate Spanish-speaking learners. New 
curriculum for Paint and Respiratory Safety was 
introduced in 2023 along with the Trades Toolbox 
series, a multipart learning opportunity showcasing 
exclusive interviews, trade career insights and tips and 
tricks from Home Depot Pro customers.
Enhancing the Jobseeker and Pro Experience 
Through the Path to Pro Network
The Path to Pro Network is a free jobseeker 
marketplace created to connect skilled 
tradespeople to hiring trades professionals in the 
construction and home improvement industries. 
We made enhancements to both the Pro and 
jobseeker network experience to facilitate posting 
and applying for trade jobs. There are now tens of 
thousands of skilled trades candidates with profiles 
in the network.
Overview Focus on Our People Operate Sustainably Strengthen Our Communities Responsible Business Practices Appendices
The Home Depot ESG Report | Fiscal 2023 80


--- PAGE 81 ---

DISASTER RELIEF & RESPONSE
The Home Depot is committed to providing disaster relief and response in line with our Core Values of Doing the Right Thing and 
Giving Back.
Both our Team Depot volunteers and The Home 
Depot Foundation provide disaster relief support in 
various ways. Our volunteers provide services and 
donate their time off to assemble disaster relief 
kits and distribute them to communities in need. 
Volunteers located near disaster relief sites and from 
neighboring areas also give their time and energy to 
help remove debris and clean up their local 
communities after catastrophes.
The Home Depot Foundation invests in disaster 
relief efforts by partnering with nonprofits to target 
preparedness, short-term relief and long-term 
recovery initiatives to build community resilience. The 
Foundation also invests money to target immediate 
needs for communities following disaster events.
Team Depot
For thirty years, Team Depot has helped communities 
prepare for and recover from devastating natural 
disasters. In their effort to provide short-term 
response and long-term aid to communities 
impacted by natural disasters, Team Depot volunteers 
work tirelessly to help the communities where our 
associates and customers live. Whether it was helping 
get much needed emergency supplies to those who 
were impacted in the wake of Hurricane Idalia or 
investing in long-term recovery by renovating homes 
devastated by Hurricane Ian, these associates 
demonstrate our Core Values.
Immediately following a tornado outbreak in early 
2023, which impacted several states across the 
southeastern U.S., Team Depot volunteers worked 
with first responders and local organizations to 
distribute essentials and clear debris. Team Depot 
volunteers continued to support these communities’ 
recovery efforts by building disaster relief kits, 
distributing food and supporting cleanup efforts 
across more than 14 cities.
Team Depot also continued its annual practice of 
marking the start of hurricane season by building 
thousands of disaster relief kits to restock Home 
Depot distribution centers in Georgia and Texas. 
Disaster relief kits pack essential items like garbage 
bags, paper towels, cleaning supplies, hand sanitizer, 
gloves and N95 masks to be distributed at a time 
when they are most needed.
The Home Depot Foundation
With the help of Team Depot and many other nonprofit 
partners, the Foundation is able to provide critical 
support, resources and relief supplies to communities 
in need, while our merchandising, supply chain and 
operations teams move necessary product and 
equipment to stores in disaster strike zones, and our 
stores often become command centers for first 
responders and relief agencies. Each year, the 
Foundation prepares before disaster strikes by 
pre-stocking nonprofit partner warehouses and Home 
Depot distribution centers with relief supplies for quick 
deployment in the immediate wake of a storm.
In 2023, The Home Depot Foundation invested more 
than $8 million in disaster relief nonprofit partners for 
annual operational support, early load-in of disaster 
response products, disaster relief kit distribution, 
p r o m p t  r e l i e f   e f f o r t s  a n d  l o n g - ͏ t e r m  r e c o v e r y  e f f o r t s .
This included the Foundation's commitment of up to 
$500,000 to support immediate relief and long-term 
recovery efforts following the deadly wildfires in Maui 
and committing up to $250,000 to support short-term 
disaster relief and long-term recovery efforts in 
communities impacted by Hurricane Idalia.
Overview Focus on Our People Operate Sustainably Strengthen Our Communities Responsible Business Practices Appendices
The Home Depot ESG Report | Fiscal 2023 81
Team Depot volunteerism goes beyond disaster 
relief. In April 2023, National Volunteer Month, more 
than 7,000 Team Depot volunteers participated in 
over 260 service projects across the country.
Did you know?

--- PAGE 82 ---

 
Overview Focus on Our People Operate Sustainably Strengthen Our Communities Responsible Business Practices Appendices
The Home Depot ESG Report | Fiscal 2023 82
We understand our responsibility to behave 
ethically, to understand the impact we have on 
people and communities, and to fairly consider 
the interests of a broad base of stakeholders.
Code of Conduct 83
Responsible Sourcing and Human Rights 84
Government Relations 86
Corporate Taxes 89
Data Security & Privacy 91
Responsible Business Practices

--- PAGE 83 ---

CODE OF CONDUCT
Doing the Right Thing is embedded in our culture. It applies to how we serve customers, 
give back to communities, support our people and conduct our business. 
Our Business Code of Conduct and Ethics provides straightforward information about The Home Depot’s operating 
principles and offers tools to help associates make decisions that align with our ethical and legal obligations. 
The code applies to associates worldwide, and the Company expects them to comply with the code and with all 
applicable laws and regulations in countries in which we do business. In particular, the code outlines The Home 
Depot’s ethical and legal standards in these areas:
° Safety
° Labor and employment
° Conflicts of interest
° Antitrust and fair competition
° Confidentiality, privacy and 
information protection
° Protecting the Company’s assets 
and intellectual property
° Insider trading
° Financial integrity and reporting
° Records retention
° Environmental responsibility
° Foreign Corrupt Practices 
Act (FCPA) and anti-bribery 
compliance
° Political activity
° Government contracting
We empower associates to speak up when our ethical standards are not being met. We encourage them to voice 
concerns, express doubts, discuss problems and ask questions. In addition to sharing concerns with any member 
of their management team or a human resources partner, associates can report ethical or legal concerns to our 
Associate AwareLine, a 24/7 hotline. Reports can be made via thdawareline.com or through a live operator available 
in local languages. Associates may remain anonymous when reporting concerns.
Associate AwareLine: 1-800-286-4909
Reports are handled using a case management 
system. We have a long-standing policy that 
prohibits retaliation for making a report.
We also provide ways for suppliers, vendors, 
service providers and their workers to report 
concerns when they think our Home Depot values 
or compliance with the law may be compromised. 
Workers in countries from which we source goods 
may submit anonymous reports via 
thdsupplieralertline.com. 
Supplier AlertLine
In addition, our Supplier AlertLine is answered by a 
live operator 24/7 in these countries:
° U.S. and Canada: 1-800-435-3152
° Mexico: 001-888-765-8153
° China: 400-8-801-045
° India: (Access Code) 000-117
(Dial) 800-435-3152
° Vietnam: (Access Code) 1-201-0288 or
1-228-0288 (Dial) 800-435-3152
Overview Focus on Our People Operate Sustainably Strengthen Our Communities Responsible Business Practices Appendices
The Home Depot ESG Report | Fiscal 2023 83


--- PAGE 84 ---

RESPONSIBLE SOURCING AND HUMAN RIGHTS
We support suppliers that take action 
toward maintaining our collective 
commitment to human rights and safety 
in our supply chain.
Our values of Doing the Right Thing, Respect for All 
People and Taking Care of Our People are at the 
center of our Responsible Sourcing program. The 
Home Depot and our affiliates, divisions and 
subsidiaries respect and support the dignity, well-
being and human rights of our associates, the workers 
in our extended supply chain, the communities in 
which we live and those affected by our operations. 
For over 20 years, our Responsible Sourcing program 
has helped us assess and manage the many aspects 
of our supply chain oversight and support our efforts 
to conduct our business in a responsible and ethical 
manner. We engage our suppliers across many areas 
of compliance, including but not limited to: laws and 
regulations, child/forced labor, compensation and 
freedom of association. We require suppliers to 
produce products in factories that adhere to our 
responsible sourcing standards, and we report on our 
progress in our annual Responsible Sourcing Report.
Our Responsible Sourcing Standards establish the 
requirements that our suppliers must meet in order to 
conduct business with The Home Depot and mandate 
that suppliers and factories abide by all applicable 
international and local laws, rules and regulations in 
the manufacturing and distribution of merchandise or 
services provided to us. We conduct audits of 
factories around the world to ensure compliance with 
our responsible sourcing standards.
We also place additional focus around higher-risk 
commodities, demographics and regions. As part of 
this approach, we monitor current trends in the 
domestic and international labor markets to identify 
growing risk areas in our supply chain and update 
our standards and audit practices based on any 
new trends.
Since early 2019, we have significantly expanded the 
language in our Responsible Sourcing Standards to 
address forced labor and the enforcement 
mechanisms to ensure the standards are met.
° We updated and expanded our standards, which 
prohibit all types of forced labor (including forced, 
bonded or indentured labor, prison labor, slavery, 
or human trafficking).
° We also updated our standards to provide specific 
requirements regarding workers’ freedom of 
movement, hiring practices, ability to terminate 
employment, access to identity or immigration 
documents and payment of recruiting fees.
° In addition, we also added a fine structure to our 
policy and included ways to identify forced labor 
indicators as part of our regular audit process.
Further, in late 2021, we started taking additional 
steps to reinforce the forced labor compliance 
aspects of The Home Depot’s Responsible Sourcing 
program and to help us ensure the product we sell is 
free from forced labor and comply with all applicable 
regulations. We created a cross-functional, advisory 
Forced Labor Working Group to oversee our forced 
labor compliance strategy. As part of that strategy, we 
are working closely with suppliers to conduct risk-
based mapping and tracing of our supply chain. We 
also continuously monitor external reports and 
regulatory developments to stay abreast of 
geographic-, entity- and product-specific risks related 
to forced labor and to proactively identify and address 
specific risks that may exist in our supply chain. We 
hold suppliers accountable with expanded contractual 
requirements, certifications and audits, increased 
communications and training, and enhanced due 
diligence on high-risk supply chains requiring timely 
mitigation of any identified forced labor risk. We also 
conduct ongoing screening of our suppliers against 
sanctioned and listed entities.
Our forced labor standards are based on the code of 
conduct developed by the Responsible Business 
Alliance (RBA), the world’s largest industry coalition 
dedicated to corporate social responsibility in global 
supply chains. Suppliers must maintain on-site 
documentation that demonstrates compliance with 
our responsible sourcing standards. They also must 
allow Home Depot associates and/or representatives 
full access to production facilities, worker records, 
production records and workers for confidential 
interviews in connection with monitoring visits. We 
expect our suppliers to promptly correct any 
noncompliance, starting with timely preparation and 
presentation of a corrective and preventative action 
plan. We also re-audit supplier facilities, with the 
frequency depending on their performance in 
prior audits. 
If suppliers fail to improve or are unwilling to comply 
with our Responsible Sourcing Standards, we reserve 
the right to terminate our business relationship with 
them. Equally important, we support factories that 
take action to create lasting social and environmental 
compliance programs. We encourage suppliers and 
factory workers to communicate concerns via 
processes outlined in our corporate Supplier Manual.
Overview Focus on Our People Operate Sustainably Strengthen Our Communities Responsible Business Practices Appendices
The Home Depot ESG Report | Fiscal 2023 84

--- PAGE 85 ---

Responsible Sourcing Starts at 
the Top
Board of Directors and/or Board 
Committee provides general 
oversight, receives annual progress 
report on and reviews results of the 
annual internal audit of the 
Responsible Sourcing program 
Executive Leadership Team sets 
the tone for our ethical standards 
and provides oversight and 
guidance, as needed 
Management is responsible for 
owning and managing risks and 
implementing actions to ensure 
responsible sourcing objectives
The Home Depot’s Global Sourcing 
Offices work with our supply chain to 
ensure compliance with our standards
The Home Depot’s Responsible 
Sourcing Team includes dedicated 
associates focused on ensuring 
factories adhere to our standards
Third-party Auditors conduct our 
responsible sourcing 
compliance audits 
Internal Audit associates conduct 
annual audits to ensure our 
responsible sourcing program is 
effective and operating as expected 
By the Numbers
1,400+
factory audits and more 
than 1,600 follow-up visits 
conducted in 32 countries 
under our Responsible 
Sourcing policy in 2023
200+
factories audited 
for compliance at 
peak production
~90
subcontractors 
audited in 2023
Overview Focus on Our People Operate Sustainably Strengthen Our Communities Responsible Business Practices Appendices
The Home Depot ESG Report | Fiscal 2023 85
Did you know?
The Home Depot works with our suppliers to ensure they implement responsible sourcing and encourage 
their smelters to obtain “conflict-free” designations. As detailed in our Conflict Minerals Report for the 
year ended December 31, 2023, our efforts focused on collecting and disseminating information about 
the sourcing practices of our suppliers.
100% of our in-scope  private-brand and proprietary-product Tier 1 suppliers participated in our efforts 
to collect conflict minerals information.

--- PAGE 86 ---

GOVERNMENT RELATIONS
We are guided by our Core Values when participating in the political process and 
recognize that we may need to balance competing interests when evaluating laws that 
impact our business.
We actively participate, and encourage our associates 
to participate, in the political process. Our Political 
Activity and Government Relations Policy provides the 
framework for our political activity. We engage in three 
key ways:
° Our Government Relations team protects and 
expands our Company’s ability to take care of our 
associates, customers and shareholders through 
effective regulatory and legislative action. Our 
Government Relations team members work to 
optimize the government’s impact on the business 
through effective lobbying, relationship building and 
political engagement.
° We have a political action committee (PAC) that 
connects our salaried associates to the political 
process and pools their personal contributions to 
financially support pro-business candidates who 
understand issues of importance to The Home 
Depot and our associates. As a long-standing 
practice, we do not contribute to presidential 
campaigns or endorse presidential candidates.
° The Home Depot supports trade associations that 
advocate on behalf of the business community and 
retail sector and reports annually the aggregate 
dues paid to those associations that engage in 
lobbying activities.
When deciding where we want to focus our 
advocacy, these are some of our top priorities:
° Creating Economic Growth by making sure we 
have a say in laws that encourage job creation, 
support a healthy housing market, promote the 
use of innovative products and effect flexibility 
and career growth for associates.
° Supporting a Strong, Secure and Sustainable 
Supply Chain by advocating for funding for 
traditional infrastructure as well as a global trade 
framework to bring quality products at low prices 
to consumers.
° Encouraging Fair Competition by promoting a 
level playing field for all retailers to follow the 
same rules on taxation, privacy, accountability 
and transparency.
° Combating Retail Theft by supporting the 
passage of laws across the country to fight 
organized retail crime, which not only is a safety 
issue for all retailers, but also feeds other crimes 
in our neighborhoods.
° Building Strong Private-Public Partnerships to 
ensure high-skilled trades jobs have a robust 
applicant pool, and continuing to invest in our 
communities during natural disasters and other 
times of need.
Overview Focus on Our People Operate Sustainably Strengthen Our Communities Responsible Business Practices Appendices
The Home Depot ESG Report | Fiscal 2023 86


--- PAGE 87 ---

Our Government Relations team carefully analyzes our 
engagement activities, trade association partnerships, 
and political contributions, guided by our top priorities 
and our eight Core Values. Our political donations are 
made to promote The Home Depot’s interests, not 
based on the private political preferences of our 
executives or directors. We may not agree with every 
position taken by a candidate, elected official, or trade 
association we support, and a contribution to any 
individual or organization should not be taken to mean 
agreement with every position taken by that individual 
or group. However, we use several business-focused 
criteria and our Core Values to make decisions that 
will allow us to have a seat at the table to engage, 
both on the issues on which we align and those on 
which we disagree, to support our business, 
associates and communities.
We may also be called upon to weigh in on issues that 
are not core to our business or critical to a majority of 
our stakeholders. We have a thoughtful process for 
determining if we should speak on a particular issue, 
which includes a risk analysis, careful deliberation, 
assessment of business impact and consideration of 
alignment with our Core Values.
Learn more about the steps The Home Depot 
takes to ensure we are responsible and 
transparent participants in the political process 
and how we encourage our associates to do so, 
as well.
Overview Focus on Our People Operate Sustainably Strengthen Our Communities Responsible Business Practices Appendices
The Home Depot ESG Report | Fiscal 2023 87
Path of the PAC Dollar
Our PAC connects salaried associates to the political process and pools their personal contributions 
to financially support pro-business candidates who understand issues of importance to The Home 
Depot and our associates.
Prepare
Eligible associates voluntarily choose to join The Home Depot PAC.
Package
All participating associate contributions are pooled.
~$2,410,000 contributed to candidates and their leadership PACs in 2023
~15,000 individual contributors in that election cycle
Quality Assurance
Our Core Values drive all of our strategic decisions inside our Company, and we build 
relationships with elected officials who help enable our ability to implement those 
strategies to the benefit of our associates, customers, shareholders and communities. 
Here are the primary, business-focused criteria the PAC considers when deciding which 
candidates to support:
° Service on key committees important to The Home Depot
° Favorable position on one or more legislative issues that align with The Home Depot’s 
business objectives
° Service in a current or potential leadership position within political or elected office
° Location of a Home Depot facility in the candidate’s district
° Industry support from business and retail organizations
Distribute
PAC funds are distributed to candidates and their leadership PACs.
Connect
We work to build relationships with lawmakers who are well positioned to legislate on 
issues important to The Home Depot and our associates.
Assess
Legislators make informed decisions on issues affecting our Company.
Check it out

--- PAGE 88 ---

Oversight of Our 
Political Activity
Our Government Relations team, led by a vice 
president who reports to our General Counsel, 
manages our political activity. The team carefully 
analyzes our engagement activities, trade association 
partnerships, and political contributions for alignment 
with our key priorities, guided by our Core Values. 
The Government Relations team is responsible for 
ensuring all PAC and corporate political contributions 
are made in accordance with the law and Company 
policies. The team participates in regular trainings and 
performs routine reviews to monitor compliance.
The NCG Committee of our Board of Directors 
provides additional oversight, conducting an annual 
review of our Political Activity and Government 
Relations Policy, the Company’s political 
contributions, payments to trade associations that 
engage in lobbying activities, and the Company’s 
support of ballot initiatives.
The NCG Committee must approve in advance any 
public advertisement directly or indirectly paid for by 
the Company that expressly advocates the election or 
defeat of a candidate in which The Home Depot is 
identified specifically as an advocate of such election 
or defeat. To date, the Company has not made 
any expenditure for such electioneering 
communications, and has no present plans to make 
any such expenditures.
The Home Depot PAC’s finances, governance and 
communications are governed by a PAC Board. The 
PAC Board is chaired by the vice president of 
Government Relations and is made up of 
representatives from each functional area of the 
business and each field division to ensure a wide 
range of experiences and perspectives.
We provide transparency in our actions by 
publishing an annual report of the Company’s 
political contributions and the aggregate dues paid 
to trade associations that engage in lobbying 
activities, and any independent political 
expenditures by the Company supporting or 
opposing ballot initiatives and contributions to ballot 
measures committees. We list trade associations to 
which our Company makes yearly payments of 
$5,000 or more, and our PAC contributions are 
publicly available on the Federal Election 
Commission website. In 2022, we enhanced this 
report by adding disclosure regarding the 
Company’s support of ballot initiatives and 
nonprofits organized under Section 501(c)(4) of the 
Internal Revenue Service Code.
Following the continued enhancements to our 
Political Activity and Government Relations Policy 
and our disclosures in recent years, we were 
elevated to the First Tier of the CPA-Zicklin Index of 
Corporate Political Disclosure and Accountability, 
which seeks to measure electoral spending 
transparency and accountability among the largest 
public corporations in the U.S.
Overview Focus on Our People Operate Sustainably Strengthen Our Communities Responsible Business Practices Appendices
The Home Depot ESG Report | Fiscal 2023 88
The Home Depot has an interactive Economic Impact 
map that highlights the importance of its business in 
communities around the country. The Economic Impact 
map, which was created in collaboration between our 
Government Relations, Tax and Strategic Business 
Development teams, along with PwC, includes 
information about employment numbers, taxes and 
community involvement. The map gives a state-by-
state breakdown so that customers and associates can 
easily see the impact in their communities.
Did you know?

--- PAGE 89 ---

CORPORATE TAXES
We Do the Right Thing for our associates, 
shareholders and communities by 
ensuring we pay our fair share of taxes 
and manage them transparently.
Taxes are a significant component of The Home 
Depot’s economic contribution to the countries, 
states and local communities in which we operate. 
Our commitment to our Core Values informs how we 
approach taxes. Responsible management of The 
Home Depot’s taxes includes:
Business Alignment
Our corporate entity structure reflects the alignment 
with our commercial activities to ensure that we pay 
our fair share of tax commensurate with our 
business’s geographical footprint and operations 
within a jurisdiction. Additionally, we seek and claim 
tax incentives that:
° Align with our business
° Are consistent with the statutory or 
regulatory framework
° Drive economic development and job creation in 
the communities where we operate
Accountability & Governance
The Finance Committee of the Board of Directors 
oversees tax strategy. At least once a year, Company 
leaders report to the Finance Committee regarding our 
approach to managing taxes. Learn more about our 
Corporate Governance structure on page 18.
Risk Management
We identify and manage risks associated with 
taxes, including:
° Legislative uncertainty
° Reputational risk, including that a tax position taken 
by the Company may not be consistent with our 
guiding principles or may expose the Company to 
negative publicity
° Scarcity of talented tax professionals to recruit and 
hire as associates
Compliance
We comply with tax laws in the jurisdictions in which 
we operate, including reporting and paying our taxes 
in a timely manner by:
° Employing appropriate resources and controls to 
ensure that our tax reporting is accurate 
and complete
° Supporting audits of our tax reporting and control 
environment by our internal control team and 
independent, third-party auditors, as required for 
publicly traded companies
° Seeking reasonable interpretations of laws where 
there may be ambiguity
° Engaging proactively and transparently with tax 
authorities, when appropriate, to seek clarity, 
guidance or agreement on tax positions
 
Overview Focus on Our People Operate Sustainably Strengthen Our Communities Responsible Business Practices Appendices
The Home Depot ESG Report | Fiscal 2023 89


--- PAGE 90 ---

Stakeholder Advocacy
We actively engage with federal, state and local 
governments; tax authorities; trade associations; and 
other business groups to advocate for policies that 
align with our approach to tax management, including 
the ways we:
° Support tax policies that drive a vibrant, 
competitive and growing economy allowing 
continued meaningful investments in our company 
and our people, which also supports economic 
development in the communities where we operate
° Staff our stores based upon revenue generated 
within the stores; thus, a strong economy that 
includes balanced taxation policy drives revenue 
that supports employment
“When The Home Depot opens in a 
neighborhood, we’re committed to 
doing our part – whether that’s 
helping people improve their 
homes, building careers for our 
associates and Pro partners, or 
contributing to our communities 
through the taxes we pay.”
RICHARD MCPHAIL
Executive Vice President & CFO
Did you know?
As detailed in our fiscal year 2022 Economic 
Impact Report, we contributed $215 billion to 
the U.S. economy through:
° Job creation in stores, distribution centers 
and offices
° $35 billion direct impact to GDP
° $60 billion of tax impact at the federal, state 
and local level
The Home Depot’s
2023 Tax Payments21
$3.74 
billion
federal income 
tax
$827 
million
state income 
tax22
$730 
million
property taxes
$9.90 
billion
sales taxes25
$433 
million
foreign & 
territorial income 
tax23
$4.68 
billion
payroll taxes26
$740 
million
other income & 
business taxes24
$21.04 
billion
total
By the Numbers
The Home Depot paid
~1%
of the total net corporate 
income taxes collected by the U.S. 
government in 2023
Paid, in aggregate, 
~1%
of the total net corporate 
income taxes collected by the 50 
states and DC
Our Company files
~10,600
sales tax returns every year
We own, lease and pay property 
taxes on
3,100+
buildings worldwide, including 
stores, distribution centers 
and offices
Overview Focus on Our People Operate Sustainably Strengthen Our Communities Responsible Business Practices Appendices
The Home Depot ESG Report | Fiscal 2023 90

--- PAGE 91 ---

DATA SECURITY & PRIVACY
We believe that ensuring a safe and secure digital 
environment is part of our commitment to deliver 
Excellent Customer Service.
We value and respect the privacy of our 
customers, associates, service providers and 
business partners.
Our approach to data security and privacy enables us 
to drive a collectively secure culture and reinforces our 
commitment to protecting privacy. Among other 
aspects of our program, we have:
° Robust and direct Board-level oversight
° Cross-functional committees comprised of senior 
and department leaders throughout 
our organization
° Accomplished teams of cybersecurity and 
privacy professionals
° Training and tools for all associates to help them 
stay informed and mitigate risks
° Multiple ways for our customers and associates to 
exercise their privacy rights
Policies
Information security and privacy policies are in place 
and are informed by regulatory requirements. These 
policies are reviewed periodically to ensure they 
remain aligned with current requirements.
Training and Awareness
Data security and privacy training and awareness are 
provided to all associates upon hire and on an annual 
basis, with additional customized, role-based training 
provided to targeted internal audiences. In addition, 
from time to time we conduct awareness campaigns 
to reinforce our new hire and annual training.
Governance 
Overview Focus on Our People Operate Sustainably Strengthen Our Communities Responsible Business Practices Appendices
The Home Depot ESG Report | Fiscal 2023 91
Board of 
Directors
° At least annually: Holds meeting dedicated to key data security and privacy topics 
such as:
– risk identification and management strategies
– customer, associate and business data protection
– third-party assessments and testing
– associate training
° At least quarterly: Receives updates (either directly or through an Audit Committee 
report-out) from senior IT leaders, including our Chief Information Officer (CIO) and 
Chief Information Security Officer (CISO), and the Chair of our Data Security and 
Privacy Governance Committee
Audit 
Committee 
of the 
Board
° Has primary responsibility for overseeing data security and privacy risks
° Receives at least quarterly updates (either directly to the Audit Committee or as part 
of a full Board update) from senior IT leaders, including our CIO, CISO and Chair of 
our Data Security and Privacy Governance Committee
° Receives periodic updates from our Chief Privacy Officer (CPO)
Data 
Security 
and Privacy 
Governance 
Committee
° Created to provide management-level governance of data protection, privacy and 
cybersecurity matters, including oversight of related risks, mitigation and incident 
response plans, awareness and training programs, and regulatory compliance
° Chaired by our Vice President, Internal Audit and Corporate Compliance and 
composed of a cross-functional team of senior leaders, including our CEO
° Generally meets quarterly, with support from the following committees:
Security and 
Technology 
Risk Leadership 
Committee
° Provides leadership and oversight of our cybersecurity program
° Chaired by our CISO and composed of additional Home Depot 
technology leaders, as well as a cross-functional group of 
representatives from other departments, such as Legal, Finance, 
Human Resources, Corporate Communications, Online, 
Marketing and Internal Audit and Corporate Compliance
Privacy and Data 
Governance 
Committee
° Provides leadership and oversight of our privacy and data 
governance programs
° Chaired by our CPO and composed of a cross-functional group 
across multiple departments
Our commitment to creating a safe and secure digital environment starts with the governance and oversight of 
our data security and privacy policies and strategy.

--- PAGE 92 ---

Cybersecurity Program
As cybersecurity attackers become increasingly more 
sophisticated, our program prioritizes threat 
mitigation, while focusing on maintaining the integrity 
and resiliency of our systems. We also continue to 
make investments to ensure our ability to identify, 
protect and detect security risks within our 
environment. In the event that we identify a security 
issue, we have defined procedures to respond and 
recover as quickly as possible.
Overseeing our efforts on a day-to-day basis is our 
cybersecurity team, led by our CISO. In partnership 
with industry-leading third parties, our cybersecurity 
team designs and implements data security and 
cybersecurity programs, risk assessments, monitoring 
and training.
Monitoring and Mitigation 
° Throughout the year, internal and external groups 
conduct targeted audits and penetration tests.
° We engage an industry-leading third party to 
independently evaluate our cybersecurity maturity 
on an annual basis and perform a risk assessment, 
as well as to provide expertise as needed on 
various cybersecurity programs and issues.
Data Protection
° We have established data classification and 
retention policies focused on limiting the risk of 
unauthorized exposure of customer, associate and 
business data.
° Data protection strategies are in place and focused 
on data devaluation and data access monitoring.
° Sensitive data attributes are classified into domains 
with defined security expectations for data-at-rest 
and data-in-transit.
Vendor Security
° Our vendor risk management program works to 
classify service provider or business partner risk 
based on several factors, including, but not limited 
to, data type accessed and/or retained.
° Using a risk-based approach, diligence and 
security risk assessments are conducted for 
targeted service provider and business partner 
relationships.
° Where applicable, service providers and business 
partners are contractually obligated to protect 
restricted data provided by or received from The 
Home Depot.
Frameworks
° We leverage the National Institute of Standards and 
Technology (NIST) Cybersecurity Framework as the 
foundation of our cybersecurity program.
° We adhere to applicable Payment Card Industry 
Data Security Standards.
Overview Focus on Our People Operate Sustainably Strengthen Our Communities Responsible Business Practices Appendices
The Home Depot ESG Report | Fiscal 2023 92


--- PAGE 93 ---

Privacy and Data
Governance Program
The Home Depot values and respects the privacy 
of its customers and visitors. While operating our 
business and interacting with our customers, we 
collect, use and disclose personal information. We 
do so to process and fulfill orders, to improve our 
in-store and digital offerings, to create consistent 
in-store and digital experiences, to protect the rights 
and information of our customers and our Company, 
and for the other purposes disclosed in our Privacy 
& Security Statement. This statement also provides 
information about how we collect, use and share 
information we collect from our customers 
and visitors.
Privacy Principles
° Transparency - we are open and honest with how 
we use and disclose personal information.
° Control - we provide tools to help individuals 
exercise their rights.
° Security - we use industry-standard means to 
protect our websites and personal information.
Privacy Program Management
° Led by our CPO, our privacy legal organization 
facilitates our strategy; advises on privacy and 
cyber laws and regulations; assesses and mitigates 
risks involving personal information; and manages 
regulatory, associate and customer inquiries.
– The Privacy team collectively holds multiple 
industry-leading privacy-related certifications 
and has over 50 years of relevant experience.
– The Privacy team partners with stakeholders 
across the enterprise to develop, implement, and 
maintain policies, procedures, guidelines, and 
practices designed to operationalize The Home 
Depot’s Privacy Principles.
° Privacy Champions are also embedded throughout 
the business to further increase awareness of 
privacy-related matters on a day-to-day basis.
Frameworks and Industry Partnerships
° We leverage industry-leading frameworks, including 
the NIST Privacy Framework, as the foundation of 
our Privacy program.
° We participate in the Retail Industry Leaders 
Association’s Privacy Leaders Council.
° The privacy team maintains membership in the 
International Association of Privacy Professionals.
Customer Education and Empowerment
° The Privacy & Security Center page of our 
corporate website details how we use, collect and 
share personal information and how customers can 
find out more about the personal information we 
collect and their options to manage/limit the use of 
their information and exercise their privacy rights.
Overview Focus on Our People Operate Sustainably Strengthen Our Communities Responsible Business Practices Appendices
The Home Depot ESG Report | Fiscal 2023 93


--- PAGE 94 ---

Overview Focus on Our People Operate Sustainably Strengthen Our Communities  Responsible Business Practices Appendices
The Home Depot ESG Report | Fiscal 2023 94
ESG Performance Data 95
GRI 98
SASB 105
TCFD 108
Resources 110
Endnotes 111
Appendices

--- PAGE 95 ---

ESG PERFORMANCE DATA
This chart highlights The Home Depot’s key ESG metrics. All data reflects Home Depot’s fiscal year, unless otherwise noted. For detailed diversity, equity and 
inclusion data, see pages 29-31.
Focus on Our People
ASSOCIATES FY 2021 FY 2022 FY 2023
Underrepresented minority groups among new hires in the U.S.  57.3%  58.0%  57.9% 
Women among new hires in the U.S.  35.7%  36.0%  34.3% 
Success Sharing paid to associates $739 million $409 million $206 million
Homer Fund assistance paid to fellow associates $18.7 million $21.2 million $16.7 million
Lost time incident rate per 200,000 hours  1.23  1.16  0.96 
Recordable incident rate per 200,000 hours  4.25  4.08  3.23 
Operate Sustainably
CARBON EMISSIONS FY 2021 FY 2022 FY 2023
CDP Climate Change score B A- §27
Estimated reduction of customers’ GHG emissions through the purchase and proper use of energy-saving products 
(MT CO2e) (includes ENERGY STAR, 2.5 million MT in 2023) 7.5 million 5.8 million 4.8 million
Scope 1 GHG emissions (MT CO2e)  642,000  597,000  629,000 
Scope 2 GHG emissions, location-based (MT CO2e)  1,007,000  960,000  1,033,000 
Scope 2 GHG emissions, market-based (MT CO2e)  992,000  792,000  733,800 
Scope 3 GHG emissions (MT CO2e)  192,934,000 
Scope 3 GHG (Category 4) emissions (MT CO2e)  3,035,000  3,696,500  1,367,000 
Scope 3 GHG (Category 11) emissions (MT CO2e)  128,526,000 
Number of facilities with fuel cell energy source28  204  217  218 
Fuel cell energy capacity for U.S. operations (MWac)  41  43  43 
Overview Focus on Our People Operate Sustainably Strengthen Our Communities  Responsible Business Practices Appendices
The Home Depot ESG Report | Fiscal 2023 95

--- PAGE 96 ---

Operate Sustainably
Solar energy capacity companywide, rooftop and off-site (MWac)  142  265  286 
Wind energy capacity companywide (MWac)  62  112  112 
Diesel used (MWh)  213,000  179,700  316,700 
Electricity purchased (MWh)  2,935,500  2,720,600  2,801,000 
Electricity generated (MWh)  300,600  283,100  273,000 
Natural gas used (MWh)  2,601,500  2,518,500  2,629,000 
Propane used (MWh)  280,200  249,500  270,500 
Energy consumption within the organization (MWh)  23,199,480  21,656,880  23,043,600 
GHG emissions intensity Scopes 1+2 (MT of CO2e per billion U.S. dollars of revenue)  10,900  9,900  10,800 
OPERATE SUSTAINABLY
Reduction of kWh used by U.S. stores, year over year  -10.63%  -3.79%  -0.90% 
Rechargeable battery recycling by all stores (pounds)  1,162,800  1,284,500  1,162,100 
CFL bulb recycling (pounds)  514,200  460,200  345,800 
Lead-acid battery recycling (battery cores)  204,300  180,700  150,800 
Nonhazardous waste generated (MT)  1,048,500  1,058,600  1,232,800 
Waste sent to landfill (MT)  728,300  738,200  768,100 
Waste diverted (MT)  320,200  320,500  464,600 
Waste incineration (pounds)  2,959,900  3,025,500  3,428,800 
Fuel blending (pounds)  5,571,300  5,111,400  4,537,900 
RESPONSIBLE SOURCING
Combined factory audits and follow-up visits by The Home Depot  3,119 3,104 3,060
Product tests conducted by third parties29  26,900  28,000  20,900 
Transit tests conducted by third parties  14,425  15,073  11,706 
Pre-shipment product inspection visits  28,300  25,900  24,700 
Expanded polystyrene (EPS) foam elimination (CF)  274,600  7,307,100  5,958,000 
Polyvinyl chloride (PVC) film elimination (SF)  1,119,700  81,488,600  39,496,300 
Overview Focus on Our People Operate Sustainably Strengthen Our Communities  Responsible Business Practices Appendices
The Home Depot ESG Report | Fiscal 2023 96

--- PAGE 97 ---

Operate Sustainably
PRODUCTS
Number of restricted substance categories in Chemical Strategy  8  9  9 
Energy-saving products offered in stores and online (includes ENERGY STAR, 16,000 in 2023)30  22,700  25,700  45,000 
Energy-saving product sales (includes ENERGY STAR, $8.55 billion in 2023)30 $7.6 billion $10.4 billion $10.8 billion
Estimated annual customer savings from purchase and proper use of energy-saving products
(includes ENERGY STAR, $455 million in 2023)30 $1.5 billion $1.2 billion $0.9 billion
Water-saving products offered in-store and online (includes WaterSense, 6,940 in 2023)30  8,100  7,500  8,980 
Water-saving product sales (includes WaterSense, $1.79 billion in 2023)30 $1.8 billion $2.0 billion $1.9 billion
Estimated annual customer savings from purchase and proper use of water-saving products
(includes WaterSense, $613 million in 2023)30 $895 million $702 million $662 million
Strengthen Our Communities
COMMUNITY
The Home Depot spend with diverse suppliers31 $3.3 billion $3.4 billion $3.2 billion
The Home Depot Foundation grants $66.7 million $82.3 million $86.4 million
Team Depot volunteer hours  84,000  270,000  329,000 
U.S. political contributions by The Home Depot PAC  $2,447,000  $3,638,000  $2,410,000 
U.S. corporate political contributions  $400,000  $550,000  $550,000 
 
All monetary amounts are U.S. dollars.
CF = cubic feet MT = metric tons
CO2 = carbon dioxide MW = megawatts
CO2e = CO2 + other greenhouse gas emissions MWac = megawatts of alternating current
GHG = greenhouse gas MWh = megawatt hours
kWh = kilowatt hours SF = square feet
Overview Focus on Our People Operate Sustainably Strengthen Our Communities  Responsible Business Practices Appendices
The Home Depot ESG Report | Fiscal 2023 97

--- PAGE 98 ---

GRI
Statement of use The Home Depot, Inc. has reported the information cited in this Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) content index for the period January 30, 2023 to January 
28, 2024 with reference to the GRI Standards.
GRI 1 used GRI 1: Foundation 2021
GRI 2: GENERAL DISCLOSURES 2021
2-1 Organizational details
The Home Depot, Inc., a publicly traded Delaware corporation, listed on the NYSE under the ticker symbol "HD"
Headquarters located in Atlanta, Georgia, USA
Form 10-K pgs. 1-10, 23-24, Corporate Website - About Us
2-2 Entities included in the organization’s sustainability reporting About This Report
2-3 Reporting period, frequency and contact point
Reporting period: The report covers our 2023 fiscal year, which began on January 30, 2023 and ended on January 28, 2024. 
In some cases, we include data and information about programs and activities relevant to our ESG priorities that occurred in 
the 2023 fiscal year, as noted. 
Reporting cycle: Annual 
Publication date of the report: August 16, 2024 
Contact point for questions regarding the report: investor_relations@homedepot.com 
2-4 Restatements of information ESG Performance Data - Fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2022 data for combined factory audits and follow-up visits by THD and 
product tests conducted by third parties has been restated following a revision to our calculation methodology.
2-5 External assurance Carbon data is independently verified by an external third party to a limited level of external assurance for Scope 1, 2 and 3 
emissions data.
2-6 Activities, value chain and other business relationships
The Home Depot is the world's largest home improvement retailer based on net sales for fiscal 2023.
Overview, Community Partnerships, Supplier Diversity, Responsible Sourcing and Human Rights. In addition, as noted 
throughout our Operate Sustainably chapter, we partner with many of our suppliers to reduce the environmental impact of 
our products.
Form 10-K pgs. 1-10
2-7 Employees
Diversity, Equity and Inclusion
Form 10-K, pgs. 6-8
GRI Standard / Disclosure Location
Overview Focus on Our People Operate Sustainably Strengthen Our Communities  Responsible Business Practices Appendices
The Home Depot ESG Report | Fiscal 2023 98

--- PAGE 99 ---

2-9 Governance structure and composition Governance
Proxy Statement pgs. 1-24
Corporate Website – Investor Relations > Corporate Governance
2-10 Nomination and selection of the highest 
governance body
Governance
Proxy Statement pgs. 1-24
Corporate Website – Investor Relations > Corporate Governance: Corporate Governance Guidelines, Policy on 
Consideration and Evaluation of Board Candidates
2-11 Chair of the highest governance body Proxy Statement pgs. 1-2
2-12 Role of the highest governance body in overseeing the 
management of impacts
Governance, Associate Safety, Responsible Sourcing and Human Rights, Government Relations, Corporate Taxes, 
Data Security & Privacy
Proxy Statement pgs. 4-9
Corporate Website – Investor Relations > Corporate Governance > Committee Members & Charters
2-13 Delegation of responsibility for managing impacts Governance, Responsible Sourcing and Human Rights, Government Relations, Corporate Taxes, Data Security 
& Privacy
2-14 Role of the highest governance body in 
sustainability reporting
Governance
2-15 Conflicts of interest Proxy Statement pgs. 11-12
Corporate Website – Investor Relations > Corporate Governance: Business Code of Conduct and Ethics, Corporate 
Governance Guidelines
2-16 Communication of critical concerns ESG Priority Assessment, Code of Conduct
Proxy Statement pgs. 8-9, 13-14
Corporate Website – Investor Relations > Corporate Governance: Business Code of Conduct and Ethics, Corporate 
Governance Guidelines
2-17 Collective knowledge of the highest governance body Risk Management, ESG Priority Assessment
Proxy Statement pgs. 1-24
2-18 Evaluation of the performance of the highest 
governance body
Governance
Proxy Statement pg. 10
Corporate Website – Investor Relations > Corporate Governance > Committee Members & Charters > NCGC Charter
2-19 Remuneration policies Proxy Statement pgs. 43-79
Corporate Website – Investor Relations > Corporate Governance > Committee Members & Charters > LDCC Charter, 
Corporate Governance Guidelines
2-20 Process to determine remuneration Proxy Statement pgs. 43-79
Corporate Website – Investor Relations > Corporate Governance > Committee Members & Charters > LDCC Charter, 
Corporate Governance Guidelines
GRI Standard / Disclosure Location
Overview Focus on Our People Operate Sustainably Strengthen Our Communities  Responsible Business Practices Appendices
The Home Depot ESG Report | Fiscal 2023 99

--- PAGE 100 ---

2-21 Annual total compensation ratio Proxy Statement pgs. 74-75
2-22 Statement on sustainable development strategy CEO Letter, Diversity, Equity and Inclusion, Supporting a Culture of Sustainable Business Practices
2-23 Policy commitments Corporate Website – Investor Relations > ESG Investors
2-24 Embedding policy commitments Risk Management, Code of Conduct, Responsible Sourcing and Human Rights, Governance, Government Relations, 
Corporate Taxes, Data Security & Privacy
Proxy Statement pgs. 4-8
Corporate Website – Investor Relations > Corporate Governance: Business Code of Conduct and Ethics, Corporate 
Governance Guidelines
2-25 Processes to remediate negative impacts Operate Sustainably, Responsible Sourcing and Human Rights
Corporate Website – Investor Relations > ESG Investors 
2-26 Mechanisms for seeking advice and raising concerns ESG Priority Assessment, Code of Conduct
Proxy Statement pgs. 8-9, 13-14
Corporate Website – Investor Relations > Corporate Governance: Business Code of Conduct and Ethics, Corporate 
Governance Guidelines
2-27 Compliance with laws and regulations Code of Conduct, Responsible Sourcing and Human Rights
Form 10-K pgs. 10, 19
Corporate Website – Investor Relations > Corporate Governance: Business Code of Conduct and Ethics
2-28 Membership associations 2023 Highlights (Canada and Mexico), Carbon Emissions Reduction, Responsible Chemistry, Community 
Partnerships, Optimized Supply Chain, Supplier Diversity
Corporate Website – Investor Relations > Corporate Governance: Political Activity and Government Relations Policy, 
Advocacy and Political Activity Report
2-29 Approach to stakeholder engagement ESG Priority Assessment
2-30 Collective bargaining agreements Form 10-K pgs. 6-8
GRI 3: MATERIAL TOPICS 2021
3-1 Process to determine material topics ESG Priority Assessment
3-2 List of material topics ESG Priority Assessment
3-3 Management of material topics Our Targets and Progress, 2023 Highlights, Our Approach, Focus on Our People, Operate Sustainably, Strengthen Our 
Communities, Responsible Business Practices, ESG Performance Data
2023 CDP Climate Change response
GRI Standard / Disclosure Location
Overview Focus on Our People Operate Sustainably Strengthen Our Communities  Responsible Business Practices Appendices
The Home Depot ESG Report | Fiscal 2023 100

--- PAGE 101 ---

GRI 201: ECONOMIC PERFORMANCE 2016
201-1 Direct economic value generated and distributed Corporate Taxes
201-2 Financial implications and other risks and opportunities due 
to climate change
2023 CDP Climate Change response
201-3 Defined benefit plan obligations and other retirement plans Benefits
Form 10-K, pg. 62-65 and Form 11-K
Proxy Statement pgs. 55-56, 79
GRI 203: INDIRECT ECONOMIC IMPACTS 2016
203-1 Infrastructure investments and services supported Carbon Emissions Reduction, Strengthen Our Communities
203-2 Significant indirect economic impacts Promoting Customer Eco Actions, Strengthen Our Communities, ESG Performance Data
Corporate Website – About Us > Economic Impact
GRI 204: PROCUREMENT PRACTICES 2016
204-1 Proportion of spending on local suppliers Supplier Diversity
GRI 205: ANTI-CORRUPTION 2016
205-1 Operations assessed for risks related to corruption Proxy Statement pgs. 6-7
205-2 Communication and training about anti-corruption policies 
and procedures
Code of Conduct, Responsible Sourcing and Human Rights
Corporate Website – Investor Relations > Corporate Governance: Business Code of Conduct and Ethics
GRI 207: TAX 2019
207-1 Approach to tax Corporate Taxes
207-2 Tax governance, control and risk management Corporate Taxes
207-3 Stakeholder engagement and management of concerns 
related to tax
Corporate Taxes
207-4 Country-by-country reporting Corporate Taxes
GRI 301: MATERIALS 2016
301-1 Materials used by weight or volume Circularity, Recycle, Repair, Reuse, ESG Performance Data
301-2 Recycled input materials used Circularity, Recycle, Repair, Reuse, ESG Performance Data
301-3 Reclaimed products and their packaging materials Circularity, Recycle, Repair, Reuse, ESG Performance Data
GRI Standard / Disclosure Location
Overview Focus on Our People Operate Sustainably Strengthen Our Communities  Responsible Business Practices Appendices
The Home Depot ESG Report | Fiscal 2023 101

--- PAGE 102 ---

GRI 302: ENERGY 2016
302-1 Energy consumption within the organization Carbon Emissions Reduction, ESG Performance Data
2023 CDP Climate Change response
302-2 Energy consumption outside of the organization Carbon Emissions Reduction, ESG Performance Data
Carbon data is independently verified by an external third party to a limited level of external assurance for Scope 1, 2 and 3 
emissions data.
302-3 Energy intensity Carbon Emissions Reduction, ESG Performance Data
2023 CDP Climate Change response
302-4 Reduction of energy consumption Our Targets and Progress, 2023 Highlights (Canada and Mexico), Supporting a Culture of Sustainable Business 
Practices, Carbon Emissions Reduction, ESG Performance Data
2023 CDP Climate Change response
302-5 Reductions in energy requirements of products 
and services
Our Targets and Progress, Supporting a Culture of Sustainable Business Practices, Carbon Emissions Reduction, 
ESG Performance Data
2023 CDP Climate Change response
GRI 303: WATER AND EFFLUENTS 2018
303-1 Interactions with water as a shared resource Our Targets and Progress, Water Conservation, ESG Performance Data
GRI 304: BIODIVERSITY 2016
304-2 Significant impacts of activities, products and services 
on biodiversity
Sustainable Forestry, Promoting Customer Eco Actions (From Forestry to Gardening)
304-3 Habitats protected or restored Sustainable Forestry, Promoting Customer Eco Actions (From Forestry to Gardening)
Sustainable Forestry Report
2023 CDP Forests response
GRI 305: EMISSIONS 2016
305-1 Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions Carbon Emissions Reduction, ESG Performance Data
2023 CDP Climate Change response
305-2 Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions Carbon Emissions Reduction, ESG Performance Data
2023 CDP Climate Change response
305-3 Other indirect (Scope 3) GHG emissions Carbon Emissions Reduction, ESG Performance Data
2023 CDP Climate Change response
305-4 GHG emissions intensity Carbon Emissions Reduction, ESG Performance Data
305-5 Reduction of GHG emissions Supporting a Culture of Sustainable Business Practices, Carbon Emissions Reduction, ESG Performance Data
2023 CDP Climate Change response
GRI Standard / Disclosure Location
Overview Focus on Our People Operate Sustainably Strengthen Our Communities  Responsible Business Practices Appendices
The Home Depot ESG Report | Fiscal 2023 102

--- PAGE 103 ---

GRI 306: WASTE 2020
306-1 Waste generation and significant waste-related impacts Circularity, ESG Performance Data 
306-2 Management of significant waste-related impacts Circularity
306-3 Waste generated ESG Performance Data
306-4 Waste diverted from disposal Circularity, ESG Performance Data
306-5 Waste directed to disposal ESG Performance Data
GRI 308: SUPPLIER ENVIRONMENTAL ASSESSMENT 2016
308-1 New suppliers that were screened using 
environmental criteria
Responsible Sourcing and Human Rights
Corporate Website – Responsibility > Resources & Reports > Responsible Sourcing Report, Responsible Sourcing 
Manuals and Responsible Sourcing Standards
308-2 Negative environmental impacts in the supply chain and 
actions taken
Responsible Sourcing and Human Rights
Corporate Website – Responsibility > Resources & Reports > Responsible Sourcing Report, Responsible Sourcing 
Manuals and Responsible Sourcing Standards
GRI 401: EMPLOYMENT 2016
401-1 New employee hires and employee turnover ESG Performance Data
401-2 Benefits provided to full-time employees that are not 
provided to temporary or part-time employees
Benefits 
401-3 Parental leave Benefits 
GRI 403: OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH AND SAFETY 2018
403-1 Occupational health and safety management system Associate Safety
403-2 Hazard identification, risk assessment and incident 
investigation
Associate Safety
403-3 Occupational health services Associate Safety
403-4 Worker participation, consultation and communication on 
occupational health and safety
Associate Safety
403-5 Worker training on occupational health and safety Associate Safety
403-6 Promotion of worker health Associate Safety, Benefits
403-7 Prevention and mitigation of occupational health and safety 
impacts directly linked by business relationships
Associate Safety
403-8 Workers covered by an occupational health and safety 
management system
Associate Safety
403-9 Work-related injuries Associate Safety
GRI Standard / Disclosure Location
Overview Focus on Our People Operate Sustainably Strengthen Our Communities  Responsible Business Practices Appendices
The Home Depot ESG Report | Fiscal 2023 103

--- PAGE 104 ---

GRI 404: TRAINING AND EDUCATION 2016
404-1 Average hours of training per year per employee Learning & Development
404-2 Programs for upgrading employee skills and transition 
assistance programs
Diversity, Equity and Inclusion, Associate Engagement, Learning & Development, Benefits, Trades Training: Our Path 
to Pro Programs
GRI 405: DIVERSITY AND EQUAL OPPORTUNITY 2016
405-1 Diversity of governance bodies and employees Diversity, Equity and Inclusion
Proxy Statement pgs. 15-24
405-2 Ratio of basic salary and remuneration of women to men Diversity, Equity and Inclusion
GRI 409: FORCED OR COMPULSORY LABOR 2016
409-1 Operations and suppliers at significant risk for incidents of 
forced or compulsory labor
Responsible Sourcing and Human Rights
Corporate Website – Responsibility > Resources & Reports > Responsible Sourcing Report, Responsible Sourcing 
Manuals and Responsible Sourcing Standards
GRI 413: LOCAL COMMUNITIES 2016
413-1 Operations with local community engagement, impact 
assessments and development programs
2023 Highlights (Canada and Mexico), Strengthen Our Communities
GRI 414: SUPPLIER SOCIAL ASSESSMENT 2016
414-1 New suppliers that were screened using social criteria Responsible Sourcing and Human Rights
Corporate Website – Responsibility > Resources & Reports > Responsible Sourcing Report, Responsible Sourcing 
Manuals and Responsible Sourcing Standards
414-2 Negative social impacts in the supply chain and 
actions taken
Responsible Sourcing and Human Rights
Corporate Website – Responsibility > Resources & Reports > Responsible Sourcing Report, Responsible Sourcing 
Manuals and Responsible Sourcing Standards
GRI 415: PUBLIC POLICY 2016
415-1 Political contributions Governance, Government Relations, ESG Performance Data
Corporate Website – Investor Relations > Corporate Governance: Political Activity and Government Relations Policy, 
Advocacy and Political Activity Report
GRI 416: CUSTOMER HEALTH AND SAFETY 2016
416-1 Assessment of the health and safety impacts of product and 
service categories
Responsible Chemistry, Promoting Customer Eco Actions, ESG Performance Data
GRI 418: CUSTOMER PRIVACY 2016
418-1 Substantiated complaints concerning breaches of customer 
privacy and losses of customer data
Data Security & Privacy
GRI Standard / Disclosure Location
Overview Focus on Our People Operate Sustainably Strengthen Our Communities  Responsible Business Practices Appendices
The Home Depot ESG Report | Fiscal 2023 104

--- PAGE 105 ---

SASB
The Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) is an independent, standards-setting organization whose mission is to develop 
comparable sustainability metrics for public corporations to disclose material, decision-useful information to investors. We have 
considered the industry standards (as defined by SASB’s Sustainable Industry Classification System) for Multiline and Specialty 
Retailers & Distributors and Building Products & Furnishings, and we have provided below the relevant data and/or the location of the 
applicable information in our ESG Report covering our 2024 fiscal year.
Multiline and Specialty Retailers & Distributors
TABLE 1. SUSTAINABILITY DISCLOSURE TOPICS & ACCOUNTING METRICS
ENERGY MANAGEMENT IN RETAIL & DISTRIBUTION
(1) Total energy consumed, 
(2) percentage grid electricity, 
(3) percentage renewable
Quantitative Gigajoules (GJ), 
Percentage (%)
CG-MR-130a.1 ° Total energy consumed in fiscal 2023 – 
23.0M GJ
° Purchased approximately 3.0M GJ of 
renewable energy
ESG Report | Fiscal 2023 – Carbon 
Emissions Reduction, pgs. 45-46
DATA SECURITY
Description of approach to identifying and 
addressing data security risks
Discussion 
and Analysis
N/A CG-MR-230a.1 Details can be found in the Data Security & 
Privacy section of our ESG Report and in 
our 2024 Proxy Statement
ESG Report | Fiscal 2023 – Data 
Security & Privacy, pgs. 91-93; 
2024 Proxy Statement, pgs. 5-6
(1) Number of data breaches, 
(2) percentage involving personally 
identifiable information (PII), 
(3) number of customers affected
Quantitative Number, Percentage (%) CG-MR-230a.2 No material breaches in fiscal 2023
LABOUR PRACTICES
(1) Average hourly wage and (2) percentage 
of in-store employees earning minimum 
wage, by region
Quantitative Presentation currency, 
Percentage (%)
CG-MR-310a.1 Starting rate is at least $15 an hour ESG Report | Fiscal 2023 – 
Associate Engagement, pg. 35
Accounting Metric Category Unit of Measure Code Data Response Reference
Overview Focus on Our People Operate Sustainably Strengthen Our Communities  Responsible Business Practices Appendices
The Home Depot ESG Report | Fiscal 2023 105

--- PAGE 106 ---

WORKFORCE DIVERSITY & INCLUSION
Percentage of gender and racial/ethnic 
group representation for
(1) management and
(2) all other employees
Quantitative Percentage (%) CG-MR-330a.1 U.S. Officers:
° Gender: 31%  Female
° Underrepresented Minority 
Groups 25%  
U.S. Managers and Above 
(excluding Officers):
° Gender: 35%  Female
° Underrepresented Minority 
Groups 39%  
U.S. Workforce:
° Gender: 37%  Female
° Underrepresented Minority 
Groups 49%
ESG Report | Fiscal 2023 – Diversity, 
Equity and Inclusion, pg. 29
PRODUCT SOURCING, PACKAGING & MARKETING
Revenue from products third party-certified 
to environmental and/or social sustainability 
standards
Quantitative Reporting Currency CG-MR-410a.1 Approximately $13.2 billion ESG Report | Fiscal 2023 – 
Promoting Customer Eco Actions, 
pgs. 64-69
Discussion of processes to assess and 
manage risks and/or hazards associated 
with chemicals in products
Discussion 
and Analysis
n/a CG-MR-410a.2 Details can be found in the Operate 
Sustainably section of our ESG Report
ESG Report | Fiscal 2023 – 
Responsible Waste Management, 
pg. 59; Responsible Chemistry, pgs. 
62-63; Promoting Customer Eco 
Actions, pgs. 64-69
Discussion of strategies to reduce the 
environmental impact of packaging
Discussion 
and Analysis
n/a CG-MR-410a.3 Details can be found in the Circularity 
section of our ESG Report
ESG Report | Fiscal 2023 – 
Circularity, pg. 53-59
Accounting Metric Category Unit of Measure Code Data Response Reference
TABLE 2. ACTIVITY METRICS
Activity Metric Category Unit of Measure Code Data Response Reference
Number of: (1) retail locations and 
(2) distribution centers
Quantitative Number CG-MR-000.A ° 2,335 retail locations
° More than 500 distribution centers
2023 Annual Report on SEC 
Form 10-K pgs. 23-24
Total area of: (1) retail space and 
(2) distribution centers
Quantitative Square meters (m²) CG-MR-000.B ° 22.5 million sq. meters of retail space
° 10.4 million sq. meters of warehouse 
and distribution centers
2023 Annual Report on SEC 
Form 10-K pg. 23
Overview Focus on Our People Operate Sustainably Strengthen Our Communities  Responsible Business Practices Appendices
The Home Depot ESG Report | Fiscal 2023 106

--- PAGE 107 ---

Building Products & Furnishings
TABLE 1. SUSTAINABILITY DISCLOSURE TOPICS & ACCOUNTING METRICS
Accounting Metric Category Unit of Measure Code Data Response Reference
MANAGEMENT OF CHEMICALS IN PRODUCTS
Discussion of processes to assess and 
manage risks and/or hazards associated 
with chemicals in products
Discussion 
and Analysis
N/A CG-BF-250a.1 Details can be found in the Operate 
Sustainably section of our ESG Report
ESG Report | Fiscal 2023 – 
Responsible Waste Management, 
pg. 59; Responsible Chemistry, pgs. 
62-63; Promoting Customer Eco 
Actions, pgs. 64-69
PRODUCT LIFECYCLE ENVIRONMENTAL IMPACTS
Description of efforts to manage 
product lifecycle impacts and meet 
demand for sustainable products
Discussion 
and Analysis
N/A CG-BF-410a.1 Details can be found in the Circularity 
section of our ESG Report
ESG Report | Fiscal 2023 – 
Circularity, pgs. 53-59
(1) Weight of end-of-life material 
recovered, (2) percentage of recovered 
materials that are recycled
Quantitative Metric Tons (t), Percentage 
(%) by Weight
CG-BF-410a.2 Approximately 440,000 ESG Report | Fiscal 2023 – 
Circularity, pgs. 53-59
Overview Focus on Our People Operate Sustainably Strengthen Our Communities  Responsible Business Practices Appendices
The Home Depot ESG Report | Fiscal 2023 107

--- PAGE 108 ---

TCFD
The Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) develops voluntary, consistent climate-related financial risk 
disclosures for companies to provide information to stakeholders. We have considered the TCFD framework as a tool to make 
meaningful data accessible to our stakeholders and have provided below the location of the relevant information in our ESG Report 
covering our 2023 fiscal year.
GOVERNANCE Describe the Board’s oversight of climate-related risks 
and opportunities.
Governance 18-19 CDP Climate Change Response; 
2024 Proxy Statement pgs. 1-9Risk Management 20-21
Describe management’s role in assessing and managing 
climate-related risks and opportunities.
Our Targets and Progress 23-24
CDP Climate Change Response; 
2024 Proxy Statement pgs. 1-9
ESG Priority Assessment 21
Governance 18-19
Risk Management 20-21
STRATEGY Describe the climate-related risks and opportunities the 
organization has identified over the short-, medium- and 
long-term.
ESG Priority Touchpoints 17 CDP Climate Change Response; 
2023 Annual Report, pgs. 8-21; 
2024 Proxy Statement, pgs. 1-9Carbon Emissions Reduction 45-50
Describe the impact of climate-related risks and 
opportunities on the organization’s businesses, strategy 
and financial planning.
CEO Letter 4
CDP Climate Change Response
ESG Priority Assessment 21
Operate Sustainably (Introduction) 43
Carbon Emissions Reduction 45-50
Promoting Customer Eco Actions 64-69
Describe the resilience of the company’s strategy, taking 
into consideration different climate-related scenarios, 
including a 2°C or lower scenario.
Our Targets and Progress 23-24
CDP Climate Change ResponseCarbon Emissions Reduction 45-50
Promoting Customer Eco Actions 64-69
  ESG Report | Fiscal 2023  
Recommended Disclosure Topics Section Page #(s) Additional Sources
Overview Focus on Our People Operate Sustainably Strengthen Our Communities  Responsible Business Practices Appendices
The Home Depot ESG Report | Fiscal 2023 108

--- PAGE 109 ---

RISK MANAGEMENT Describe the company’s process for identifying and 
assessing climate-related risks.
ESG Priority Assessment 21 CDP Climate Change Response; 
2024 Proxy Statement, pgs. 1-9Governance 18-19
Describe the company’s processes for managing 
climate-related risks.
ESG Priority Assessment 21
CDP Report; 2024 Proxy 
Statement, pgs. 1-9Carbon Emissions Reduction 45-50
Governance 18-19
Describe how processes for identifying, assessing and 
managing climate-related risks are integrated into the 
company’s overall risk management.
ESG Priority Assessment 21 CDP Climate Change Response; 
2024 Proxy Statement, pgs. 1-9Governance 18-19
METRICS & TARGETS
Disclose the metrics used by the company to assess 
climate-related risks and opportunities in line with its 
strategy and risk-management process.
Our Targets and Progress 23-24
CDP Climate Change Response
ESG Priority Assessment 21
Carbon Emissions Reduction 45-50
ESG Performance Data 95-97
Disclose Scope 1, Scope 2 and, if appropriate, Scope 3 
greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions and the related risks.
Carbon Emissions Reduction 45-50
CDP Climate Change Response
ESG Performance Data 95-97
Describe the targets used by the company to manage 
climate-related risks and opportunities and performance 
against targets.
Our Targets and Progress 23-24
CDP Climate Change Response
Carbon Emissions Reduction 45-50
  ESG Report | Fiscal 2023  
Recommended Disclosure Topics Section Page #(s) Additional Sources
Overview Focus on Our People Operate Sustainably Strengthen Our Communities  Responsible Business Practices Appendices
The Home Depot ESG Report | Fiscal 2023 109

--- PAGE 110 ---

RESOURCES
Overview Pgs. 5 - 24
The Home Depot Canada
The Home Depot Canada Foundation
The Home Depot Canada Privacy Policy
The Home Depot Mexico 
The Home Depot Mexico Privacy Policy
Corporate Responsibility Resources and Reports
Corporate Responsibility Website
Focus on Our People Pgs. 25 - 41
Diversity, Equity and Inclusion
Caring for our People
Community Partnerships
Associate Engagement
Associate Resource Groups
Supplier Diversity
Empowering Success
Benefits
The Home Depot Benefits 4U
The Homer Fund
Operate Sustainably Pgs. 42 - 69
Protecting the Climate 
Carbon Emissions Eco Actions
CDP
Greenhouse Gas Protocol 
Science Based Targets Initiative 
RE100 
Green Power Partnership
SmartWay
ENERGY STAR
Wood Purchasing Policy
Sustainable Forestry Eco Actions
Reducing Environmental Impact 
Circularity Eco Actions
Water Conservation Eco Actions
WaterSense
Chemical Strategy 
Responsible Product Standards
Responsible Chemistry Eco Actions 
Eco Actions Website
USDA Organic
Safer Choice
GREENGUARD
Cradle to Cradle
Leaping Bunny
Strengthen Our Communities Pgs. 70 - 81
Supplier Diversity
The Home Depot Foundation National Partnerships
Retool Your School
Supplier Diversity FAQs
The Home Depot Foundation
Serving Veterans
Partnerships
Path to Pro Program
Path to Pro Website
Team Depot
Disaster Relief
Responsible Business Practices Pgs. 82 - 93
Business Code of Conduct and Ethics
Associate AwareLine
Supplier AlertLine
Responsible Sourcing Standards 
2023 Responsible Sourcing Report 
2023 Conflict Minerals Report 
Corporate Governance Guidelines 
Board of Directors
2024 Proxy Statement
2023 Annual Report
Political Activity and Government Relations Policy
Annual Advocacy and Political Activity Report 
(2018-2022)
Federal Election Commission: The Home Depot PAC
The Home Depot (U.S.) Privacy and Security Statement
Exercise My Privacy Rights
Appendices Pgs. 94 - 110
Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards
Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) 
Disclosure Matrix
Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures 
(TCFD) Framework
ESG Transparency
EEO-1 Report
Overview Focus on Our People Operate Sustainably Strengthen Our Communities  Responsible Business Practices Appendices
The Home Depot ESG Report | Fiscal 2023 110

--- PAGE 111 ---

Endnotes
1. Source: Iron Mountain® utilizing the Paper Calculator™ from the Environmental Paper Network (EPN)
2. Home Depot Mexico data based on calendar year.
3. Unless otherwise specified, “Goal Date” refers to the end of the fiscal year noted.
4. Our current Scopes 1 and 2 emissions reduction goal supersedes our previous Scopes 1 and 2 emissions reduction targets announced in 2018.
5. This goal excludes bulk distribution centers (BDCs).
6. Applies to top strategic suppliers by U.S. and Canada core direct spend. Business relevant sustainability goal is one that is related to The Home Depot’s environmental pillars.
7. Applies to private-brand patio and home decor products sold in U.S. and Canada stores.
8. Applies to private-brand products sold in U.S. and Canada stores and online.
9. Applies to priority vendors for sales in our U.S. and Canada stores and online, and excludes vendor SKUs below a minimum annual sales threshold. 
10. Source: Latest available data from the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics; 2023 data is estimated.
11. Includes data for HD Supply Holdings Inc.
12. Gray bars indicate percentage undisclosed
13. Includes manager-level positions and above at stores, distribution centers and other field locations, as well as at our Store Support Center; excludes officers. 
14. Recordable and lost time incidents rates for U.S. store associates.
15. U.S. EPA’s ENERGY STAR Impacts, https://www.energystar.gov/about/impacts (as of April 2023)
16. Figures and metrics included in this report are derived from the population of our Fiscal 2022 survey as detailed on page 5 of our Sustainable Forestry Report.
17. Chlorofluorocarbons
18. 2021 and 2022 were restated to reflect updated methodology, which now includes preventative maintenance.
19. Source: U.S. EPA’s WaterSense program, www.eps.gov/watersense
20. U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs. 2023 Point-in-Time Count.
21. These amounts reflect actual cash taxes paid which do not include deferred taxes, but do include foreign withholding taxes.
22. State income taxes and franchise taxes based on income.
23. Income taxes paid in Canada, Mexico, China, Puerto Rico, Guam and the U.S. Virgin Islands.
24. Taxes paid for franchise taxes not based on income in U.S. states and India; Licenses & Permits paid to U.S. states and territories; and duties paid to the U.S., Canada and Mexico on imported products.
25. Includes all sales taxes and use taxes.
26. Unemployment taxes; Federal Insurance Contributions Act (FICA) contributions; and federal and state income taxes withheld on behalf of THD associates based on calendar year 2023 earnings.
27. Not available at time of publication.
28. 2021 data reflects stores only, 2022 & 2023 includes distribution facilities.
29. 2021 & 2022 data has been restated following a revision to our calculation methodology
30. 2022 & 2023 energy and water-saving product figures include HD Supply, 2021 figures were specific to The Home Depot U.S.
31. Data for 2021 includes Tier 1 spend only, 2022 & 2023 data includes Tier 1 & 2 spend.
Overview Focus on Our People Operate Sustainably Strengthen Our Communities  Responsible Business Practices Appendices
The Home Depot ESG Report | Fiscal 2023 111

--- PAGE 112 ---

