

--- PAGE 1 ---

Lorem   
Ipsum Dolor
2024 IMPACT REPORT
2024 
Impact 
Report

--- PAGE 2 ---

TABLE OF CONTENTS
 Our Purpose 1
 1 About This Report
 2 Mohawk Overview
 3 2024 Performance Highlights
 4 Letter from Our CEO
 5 Letter from Our CSO
 Our Planet 6
 7 Climate-Positive Future
 11 Accelerating Circularity
 12 Resource Stewardship and Waste
	15	 Logistics 	Efficiency
 Our People 16
 17 Building a High-Performance Workforce
 18 2024 Employee Demographics
 19 Training and Development
 21 Community Connection
 Our Practices 22
 23 ESG Executive Council
 24 Risk Management and Due Diligence
 25 Standards of Conduct and Ethics
 26 Political Engagement 
 27 Data Security 
 28 Supply Chain Management: Policy  
 and Human Rights
 Our Progress 29
 30 Our Global Operating Structure
 31 Global Ceramic
 49 Flooring North America
 60 Flooring Rest of the World
 Appendix 78
About This Report 
We’re excited to share the 16th annual Impact Report of Mohawk 
Industries, Inc. (“Mohawk” or the “Company”). This report reflects our 
ongoing commitment to sustainability, transparency and responsible 
business practices.
Across our global operations, we’re continually innovating and sharing best practices to drive meaningful 
progress—delivering efficient, effective and scalable sustainability initiatives and bringing to market 
differentiated products with sustainable properties.
The report highlights sustainability across Mohawk and the Company’s wholly owned subsidiaries. It follows 
the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Universal Standards, covers Mohawk’s fiscal year 2024 and is guided by 
the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs).
In addition to GRI, our sustainability disclosures align with the International Sustainability Standards Board 
(ISSB), which integrates key elements from the former Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) and 
the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD). The Company has also submitted climate 
data through CDP , a nonprofit that has helped organizations disclose their environmental impact since 2017. 
This year, we’ve also published our submission to CDP’s new integrated questionnaire, which includes data on 
climate change, water resources and forests. We also participate in the S&P Global Corporate Sustainability 
Assessment, an annual review of sustainability performance that informs the Dow Jones Best-in-Class Index.
Looking ahead, we’re preparing for compliance with the European Union’s Corporate Sustainability Reporting 
Directive (CSRD), Corporate Sustainability Due Diligence Directive (CSDDD) and Taxonomy Regulation, as well 
as climate reporting regulations across other jurisdictions, such as California and Australia. As part of our 
commitment to data integrity and continuous improvement, the Company began implementation of a new 
enterprise-wide global sustainability data platform in 2023. This step marks a significant milestone in the 
Company’s ongoing efforts to bolster its sustainability reporting processes and align with evolving regulatory 
requirements and best practices. We also partnered with a third-party expert to design, implement and 
complete a Double Materiality Assessment (DMA) that helped define data needs and collection requirements 
for this new system. 
OUR PROGRESS APPENDIXOUR PRACTICESOUR PEOPLEOUR PLANET
MOHAWK   |   2024 IMPACT REPORTOUR PURPOSE
 1

--- PAGE 3 ---

Mohawk Overview
Mohawk creates a broad range of products that enhance residential and commercial spaces 
in approximately 180 countries around the world. During the past two decades, Mohawk has 
transformed its business from an American carpet manufacturer into the world’s largest flooring 
company with operations in North America, Europe, South America, Oceania and Asia, 
including manufacturing facilities in 19 countries. Mohawk’s talented team of associates and its 
vertically integrated manufacturing and distribution processes provide competitive advantages 
in the design and production of ceramic tile, carpet, laminate, wood and vinyl flooring. The 
Company also has growing positions in adjacent building product categories, including quartz 
and stone countertops, porcelain slabs, chipboards, decorative panels and insulation products. 
Mohawk’s industry-leading innovation has yielded products and technologies that differentiate 
its brands in the marketplace and satisfy all remodeling and new construction requirements. 
Our Major Brands
OUR PROGRESS APPENDIXOUR PRACTICESOUR PEOPLEOUR PLANET
MOHAWK   |   2024 IMPACT REPORTOUR PURPOSE
 2

--- PAGE 4 ---

2024 Performance Highlights
1
Climate-Positive Future
30%
reduction in Scope 1, 2 and 
biogenic emissions intensity 
since 2010
117% increase in 
renewable energy
53% increase in solar 
energy
Godfrey Hirst earns a Gold 
Medal EcoVadis ranking for the 
second year in a row, placing 
in the top 5% of over 100,000 
participating companies
Water
45%
decrease in water withdrawal 
intensity since 2010
275 Million
gallons of water provided to 
communities experiencing 
scarcity and drought by 2030
Awards & Recognitions
• Forbes® America’s Best Employers; 2025
• Forbes Best Employers for Diversity; 2025
• Newsweek® America’s Greatest  
Workplaces; 2025
• Newsweek America’s Greatest Workplaces 
for Diversity; 2024, 2025
• Newsweek America’s Greatest Workplaces 
for Women; 2024, 2025
• USA Today® America’s Climate Leaders; 
2024, 2025
High-Performing Workforce
35%
decrease in Recordable 
Incident Rate (RIR) since 2010
Mohawk Brasil's Groups 
of Study and Suggestions 
program executed 2,134 
employee-driven projects 
 
in 2024
Product Circularity
47%
reduction in waste-to-landfill 
intensity since 2010
60+ Billion
plastic water bottles 
recycled into flooring 
over the past decade
1.4+ Billion
pounds of wood waste 
recycled into Unilin 
chipboard
Responsible Sourcing
99%
of wood fiber sourcing adheres 
to responsible wood sourcing 
principles, such as FSC®, PEFC™  2 
or other third-party validation
132,000+
trees planted in 
partnership with  
One Tree Planted®
1Unless otherwise noted, all performance highlights reflect achievements accomplished from January 1, 2024–December 31, 2024. Intensity is based on revenue in constant currency.
2FSC® (Forest Stewardship Counci), PEFC™ (Programme for the Endorsement of Forest Certification).
OUR PROGRESS APPENDIXOUR PRACTICESOUR PEOPLEOUR PLANET
MOHAWK   |   2024 IMPACT REPORTOUR PURPOSE
 3

--- PAGE 5 ---

A Message from Our CEO, Jeff Lorberbaum
At Mohawk, we focus on what works—solutions 
that reduce environmental impact, strengthen 
our business and are grounded in practical 
innovation and measurable results. 
In this Impact Report, you’ll find many examples of recent product 
launches that showcase Mohawk’s dedication to responsible 
manufacturing. Our products are tangible examples of our priorities: 
reduced carbon emissions, greater recycled content, circular design 
and extended useful life of the products. Though sustainability has 
the potential to influence buying decisions, it rarely stands alone. 
Most consumers still prioritize beauty, low maintenance, durability 
and competitive pricing. That’s why we engineer our products to 
deliver on these expectations, with sustainability as a value multiplier. 
Our goal isn’t just to make sustainable products—it’s to make 
sustainable products that win with consumers.
For instance, Mohawk’s SolidTech® R, a PVC-free, waterproof flooring 
alternative, features a unique core made from stone and recycled 
single-use plastic. Each square foot of SolidTech R contains the 
equivalent of approximately 20 recycled water bottles. Beyond that 
great sustainability story, the product offers consumers superior 
scratch resistance and durability while effectively eliminating 
dimensional stability issues caused by changes in temperature or 
humidity—a challenge found in PVC-based flooring options. 
Transforming recycled plastic into flooring isn’t new for Mohawk. 
We’ve been a leader in this process for more than a quarter-century. 
While nylon was once the dominant carpet fiber, the flooring industry 
sought alternatives to make quality products available across all price 
points. Our patented Continuum
™  process strips away residue from 
recycled plastic bottles, making the resulting polyester fiber softer 
and bulkier and the carpet more appealing, durable and stain 
resistant. Today, our polyester carpet collections meet the needs of 
active families, and their popularity has prevented billions of plastic 
bottles from ending up in landfills and waterways.
Our sustainability efforts also extend to our laminate flooring and other 
wood-based products that incorporate primarily recycled or reclaimed 
wood, reducing the need to harvest trees and sequestering the carbon 
in the wood for another life cycle. To differentiate our products, we’ve 
developed industry-leading visuals that make our laminate almost 
indistinguishable from natural wood or stone flooring, as well as 
waterproof performance attributes that make laminate a practical 
choice for kitchens, baths and laundry rooms.
Across our ceramic tile facilities, we continue to optimize our 
environmental performance through continuous kiln upgrades, 
waste heat recovery and closed-loop water systems to reduce 
energy and water consumption. While improving our processes,  
we’ve employed advanced digital printing technologies that create 
high-definition visuals with precise texture replication, combining 
the visuals and textures of wood, stone or concrete with the 
durability of porcelain for use in residential and commercial 
spaces. Collectively, these efforts make our ceramic offering one of 
the most sustainable and high-performing flooring solutions available.
As you explore this year’s report, I hope you’ll gain insights into 
how our sustainable products benefit the planet while providing 
exceptional value for residential and commercial applications. 
We’re dedicated to sustainable practices and to delivering 
products that enhance the beauty, comfort and performance of 
every space. Sustainable processes and products are an essential 
part of our business strategy, and we amplify the beneficial impact 
of those products by expanding their use around the world.
Sincerely,
JEFF LORBERBAUM
Chief Executive Officer
Our products are tangible examples of 
our priorities: reduced carbon emissions, 
greater recycled content, circular design 
and extended useful life of the products.”
OUR PROGRESS APPENDIXOUR PRACTICESOUR PEOPLEOUR PLANET
MOHAWK   |   2024 IMPACT REPORTOUR PURPOSE
 4

--- PAGE 6 ---

A Message from Our CSO, Malisa Maynard
When it comes to sustainability, transparency has 
always been one of Mohawk’s greatest strengths. Since 
joining the Company four years ago, I’ve constantly 
been impressed by the openness and candor across 
the enterprise. Integrity fuels progress.
With manufacturing operations in 19 countries and one of the industry’s 
most diverse product portfolios, we manage complexity every day. But 
that complexity also gives us scale, reach and a real opportunity to 
lead. Our teams bring different perspectives to the table, and through 
collaboration and shared learning, we’re finding better ways to meet the 
needs of our customers, our communities and the planet.
This complexity has been amplified by upcoming sustainability reporting 
regulations, including the EU CSRD, EU CSDDD, California SB 253 and  
261 and the Australian Mandatory Climate Reporting requirements. 
Following a comprehensive DMA with a leading auditing firm, we 
completed pre-assurance on our material topics and received feedback 
on how the process will continue to evolve. Under the oversight of our 
ESG Compliance Steering Committee, our Sustainability, Finance and IT 
teams are leading a cross-functional effort to optimize a new, enterprise-
wide sustainability data platform to store, track and manage the required 
regulatory data.
As part of this data system initiative, we’ve engaged in extensive discussions 
across our global businesses to establish common definitions for materials, 
processes and waste streams. Creating universal standards across our 
businesses has been an essential step in this process. Everyone was capturing 
data, but each group was defining it based on the history of their own 
business, industry norms or local perspectives. We are also developing 
consistent process documentation for all regulatory sustainability metrics 
so that all our facilities follow the same steps and report in the same way 
with the same units of measurement across the globe. Taking the time  
now to have these essential dialogues to ensure standardization helps  
us deliver even more impactful reporting. For instance, we now monitor 
our waste streams more closely by reporting not only total waste but also 
waste by material type, which helps us to better understand where we  
can repurpose those materials or change the manufacturing process to 
minimize them. Through the years, many best practices have emerged from 
interactions among our global businesses, each of which is entrepreneurial 
and empowered to best serve the needs of its customers, consumers and 
communities. As you can see from the 
Our Progress section in this report, 
each is doing impressive work to deliver innovative products as well as 
enhancing our sustainable practices.
This year’s report reflects much of the groundwork we’ve completed to 
meet new upcoming regulatory expectations while also improving the 
consistency and depth of our sustainability data. More importantly, it 
highlights the practical steps we’re taking to improve our operations, 
create innovative products and contribute to safer workplaces and 
stronger communities. We’re always learning, and your feedback is 
important in driving meaningful impact as we move forward. I invite you 
to share your thoughts with us as we continue to evolve our sustainability 
efforts in the months and years ahead.
Sincerely,
MALISA MAYNARD
Chief Sustainability Officer
OUR PROGRESS APPENDIXOUR PRACTICESOUR PEOPLEOUR PLANET
MOHAWK   |   2024 IMPACT REPORTOUR PURPOSE
 5

--- PAGE 7 ---

OUR PLANET
Our planet is more than a resource—it’s a 
partner	in	our	work,	influencing	the	beauty	
and function of the surfaces we create. 
With thoughtful design and responsible 
practices, we develop products that not 
only function to enhance spaces, but that 
also contribute toward preserving the 
natural world.
Guided by the principles of circularity, we 
tread lightly, seeking new ways to restore, 
renew and rethink. We harness renewable 
energy, lower emissions, reduce waste 
and replenish water, knowing that every 
small step forward strengthens both our 
world and our work. In doing so, we don’t 
just	make	floors—we	forge	a	future	where	
sustainability and design walk hand in hand.
Sustainability is a fundamental component of Mohawk’s overall business strategy. This 
commitment is inherent in our development of innovative products to meet customer 
desires and needs, our manufacturing processes, and our broader supply chains 
and business systems that aim to meet the needs of our employees, customers and 
communities. Our Board of Directors evaluates and makes recommendations regarding 
Mohawk’s sustainability initiatives as part of our assessment of the Company’s financial 
and operational results and plans. As Board members, we recognize the decisions we 
make today can have a long-term effect on the business’ performance, people, and the 
planet. That recognition inspires the dedication and diligence we bring to our roles.”
KAREN SMITH BOGART, PHD
Chair of the Governance Committee
Mohawk Industries Board of Directors
MOHAWK   |   2024 IMPACT REPORT
OUR PLANETOUR PURPOSE 6OUR PROGRESSOUR PRACTICESOUR PEOPLE APPENDIX

--- PAGE 8 ---

Climate-Positive Future 
Mohawk remains dedicated to a climate-positive future through 
our decarbonization strategy. Our Global Planet Council, with 
representation from each of our business segments, monitors and 
supports the progress toward our sustainability goals, including 
reducing greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions across Scope 1 and 2.  
To enhance insight into and transparency of our environmental 
performance across our value chain, we also continue to track and 
report Scope 3—a vital undertaking to understand the broader impact 
of our operations.
Some business units have established additional climate commitments. 
Mohawk Group, our North American commercial flooring division, has 
committed to net zero carbon emissions by 2040 by signing the Climate 
Pledge. Unilin, our flooring, panels and insulation branch, active 
throughout Europe, Asia, Oceania and South America, is contributing to 
climate change solutions by implementing a decarbonization strategy 
validated through the Science Based Targets initiative in 2023. Our 
Oceania-based flooring business, Godfrey Hirst, is a member of the 
Australian Government’s Climate Active program and has been certified 
as a carbon neutral organization since 2020. We continue to work with 
third-party experts to refine Scope 3 emissions data across all global 
business units for 10 of the 15 Scope 3 categories identified as relevant 
to Mohawk, utilizing activity-based data where available. 
Understanding and mitigating climate-related risks and opportunities 
is essential for business resilience. We align with the International 
Sustainability Standards Board, including the International Financial 
Reporting Standards S1 and S2, to provide key insights to investors, 
regulators and stakeholders.
MOHAWK   |   2024 IMPACT REPORT
OUR PLANETOUR PURPOSE 7OUR PROGRESSOUR PRACTICESOUR PEOPLE APPENDIX

--- PAGE 9 ---

2024 Climate Risk Assessment
Understanding Climate Risks  
to Build a Stronger Future
At Mohawk, we know that climate change 
is not just an environmental issue—it’s a 
business issue, a community issue and a 
consumer issue. That’s why, in January 2024, 
we partnered with third-party experts to 
assess how changing climate conditions could 
impact our operations through a Climate Risk 
Assessment (CRA).
Our CRA took a deep dive into all our 
manufacturing sites, as well as evaluating 
the location of key suppliers, water usage, 
energy usage, waste generated, and the cost 
and usage of raw materials for production, to 
obtain a clearer picture of potential risks and 
opportunities to global operations. We started 
by identifying 40 possible climate-related risks 
and opportunities, using industry research, 
internal and third-party expert guidance and 
our own existing sustainability goals as a 
roadmap. The top 10 risks were identified for 
scenario analysis in a workshop conducted with 
leadership and the finance teams for each of 
Mohawk’s reporting segments. Of the 10 risks 
that leadership identified due to their potential 
to be material, two were determined to be 
material: increased cost and lack of availability 
of energy and increased frequency and severity 
of extreme weather events.
Why This Matters
Understanding climate risks is about adjusting 
strategies and processes to remain vital and 
competitive in a changing world. For investors, 
this work ensures we’re making informed 
decisions that protect long-term value. For 
customers, it means they can trust Mohawk 
to deliver sustainable, high-quality products 
well into the future. And for employees, it 
reinforces our focus on building a resilient 
business that adapts to new challenges.
Addressing Climate Risks and Opportunities
As climate challenges evolve, we’re staying 
proactive by tackling key risks and identifying 
new opportunities. To reduce our exposure to 
price fluctuations, we’ve developed strategies 
to manage natural gas prices and are actively 
exploring alternative fuels for production and 
logistics. We’re also ramping up investments in 
energy efficiency and on-site renewable energy, 
ensuring we can power more of our operations 
resiliently and sustainably. Additionally, Mohawk 
is pursuing strategies to safeguard operations. 
By investing in resilient infrastructure, enhancing 
the durability of our facilities and supporting 
At Mohawk, we see 
understanding and 
mitigating climate risk as 
not just a challenge, but as 
a critical factor in protecting 
long-term business value. 
Our financial strategy is 
rooted in making smart 
investments today to ensure 
we can navigate tomorrow’s 
disruptions and capture 
tomorrow’s opportunities 
with confidence.”
JIM BRUNK
Chief	Financial	Officer
MOHAWK   |   2024 IMPACT REPORT
OUR PLANETOUR PURPOSE 8OUR PROGRESSOUR PRACTICESOUR PEOPLE APPENDIX

--- PAGE 10 ---

 62.0%  Purchased Goods  
and Services
 9.4%  End-of-Life of  
Sold Products
 7 .9%  Processing of Sold 
Products
 7 .5%  Upstream  
Transportation
 5.6%  Downstream 
Transportation
 3.4%  Fuel- and Energy- 
Related Activities
 2.5%  Waste Generated  
in Operations
 1.1% Capital Goods
 0.5% Employee Commuting
 0.1% Business Travel
 60.0%  Natural Gas
 19.9%  Grid Electricity
 13.9%  Biomass Energy
 5.3%  Other Fossil Fuels
 0.9%  Low Carbon1
 0.1%  Other Renewables
supplier diversification, we are better positioned to maintain operations during 
extreme weather events.
A major area identified as an opportunity by the CRA where Mohawk is driving 
change is waste reduction and product circularity. Through our post-consumer 
take-back programs, we are helping customers keep materials out of landfills while 
advancing circular economy solutions. Research and innovation in state-of-the-art 
technologies is allowing us to develop processes to further advance post-consumer 
recycling of materials from our global operations. Meanwhile, our waste management 
initiatives are uncovering new ways to minimize waste and support long-term 
sustainability goals.
By planning and integrating climate resilience into our business strategy, we are 
helping to ensure that Mohawk stays strong, adaptable and ready for the future.
Energy Use
Meeting the world’s growing energy needs while reducing our environmental impact 
requires bold action. That’s why we’re investing in sustainable energy solutions to 
make our operations more efficient and less dependent on fossil fuels—even as we 
navigate infrastructure challenges and shifting market conditions. At this time, most 
of our energy comes from natural gas, which plays a critical role in high-temperature 
manufacturing, especially for ceramic and porcelain tile. 
Here’s how we’re working toward a more sustainable energy future:
• Deploying energy-efficient technologies to reduce power use and  
minimize waste
• Expanding solar power to tap into clean, renewable energy
• Integrating wind energy through on-site turbines and strategic partnerships
• Using wood waste biomass to generate electricity and heat for several of  
our plants
• Using biodiesel to fuel part of our fleet
Transitioning to sustainable energy is not without challenges, but we’re committed to 
pushing forward. By investing in cleaner alternatives and improving efficiency, we’re 
building a stronger, more resilient future. Learn more about how each of our business 
units is contributing in the Our Progress section of this report.
Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions Intensity
(Biogenic and Non-Biogenic Emissions /
Thousands Revenue in Constant Currency)
2010
BASE
.374
2024
.262
2025
GOAL
.280
GOAL: Reduce Scope 1 and 2 
emissions intensity by 25% by 2025.
STATUS: Achieved a 30% reduction 
over our 2010 baseline year.
2024 Scope 3 Emissions by Type
2024 Total Energy Consumed by Type
1 Energy from combined heat and power.
MOHAWK   |   2024 IMPACT REPORT
OUR PLANETOUR PURPOSE 9OUR PROGRESSOUR PRACTICESOUR PEOPLE APPENDIX

--- PAGE 11 ---

Air Pollution
Tackling Air Pollution for a Healthier Future
Our 2023 Double Materiality Assessment (DMA) identified air 
pollution as a material topic. Air pollution includes pollutants 
like particulate matter, sulfur dioxide, nitrogen dioxide and 
volatile organic compounds (VOCs), all of which may affect 
both the environment and human health. As outlined in 
Mohawk’s Environmental Policy, the Company remains 
committed to aligning our operations with all applicable 
environmental laws and regulations. In support of this 
commitment, the Company has integrated air pollution 
control technologies across our manufacturing facilities to 
reduce emissions and minimize environmental impacts.
Designing for Cleaner Air
The air we breathe matters; consequently, so do the products 
we create. Around the world, Mohawk designs and produces 
flooring that meets some of the most rigorous indoor air quality 
standards, helping to create healthier spaces where people 
live and work. As demand grows for low-emitting materials, 
our certified products provide assurance to our customers 
with safe, sustainable choices—without compromising on  
style or performance.
By addressing both carbon emissions and broader air pollution 
concerns, we’re working to improve air quality for communities, 
consumers and future generations.
Labels Matter
We rely on trusted standards to provide transparency around 
a product’s environmental impact, including air pollution. 
These labels help us track and reduce our impact across 
multiple areas—like lowering air emissions, minimizing waste, 
improving resource efficiency and ensuring safer, healthier 
products. They also help customers and consumers purchase 
sustainable products with confidence.
Eco-Labels
Indoor Air Quality Labels
MOHAWK   |   2024 IMPACT REPORT
OUR PLANETOUR PURPOSE 10OUR PROGRESSOUR PRACTICESOUR PEOPLE APPENDIX

--- PAGE 12 ---

Accelerating Circularity 
Resource stewardship remains at the core of our sustainability strategy, whether 
through protecting biodiversity, using water responsibly or reducing waste at 
every stage of production. But sustainability doesn’t stop when a product leaves 
our hands; it extends throughout the product’s entire life cycle, from raw material 
sourcing to end-of-life disposal.
We know that what happens to a product after it’s used is just as important as how it’s 
made. That’s why we are investing in waste diversion programs, take-back initiatives 
and material innovation to keep valuable resources in use and out of landfills. By 
 
exploring new ways to reuse, recycle and repurpose materials, we’re not only 
reducing our environmental impact but also driving efficiency and long-term value.
With a focus on circular design and thoughtful end-of-life solutions, we’re working 
toward updating our product circularity goal in 2025—ensuring that sustainability 
is integrated into the products we create, from cradle to cradle.
In 2024, in anticipation of the EU Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive 
guidelines, we established a global group to develop new reporting definitions 
and metrics in conjunction with our new enterprise-wide global sustainability 
data platform. These metrics include new definitions of inbound raw materials, 
as well as differentiating technical (fossil/mineral-derived or non-renewable) from 
recycled and bio-based materials. We also defined the durability, repairability and 
recyclability of our finished products as well as our packaging. 
PRODUCT CIRCULARITY AT MOHAWK
USE
RECOVER
MAKE
Make
Innovate regenerative products 
through thoughtful design 
and efficient manufacturing 
that optimize material use 
and expand post-consumer 
and sustainable content to 
minimize our products’ full 
life-cycle impact.
Use
Ensure product life is 
extended through superior 
performance and durability. 
Educate end-users about 
proper care and maintenance 
to extend product life.
Recover
Reclaim materials for a 
second and subsequent 
purpose after an initial,  
useful life.
MOHAWK   |   2024 IMPACT REPORT
OUR PLANETOUR PURPOSE 11OUR PROGRESSOUR PRACTICESOUR PEOPLE APPENDIX

--- PAGE 13 ---

GOAL: Reduce total water withdrawal 
intensity by 30% by 2025.
STATUS: Achieved a 45% reduction 
over our 2010 baseline year.
 70.7% Third-Party
 23.2% Ground
 6.1% Surface
 83.1%  Non-Hazardous Recycled/
Other Recovery/Prepared for 
Reuse
 14.6%	 	Non-Hazardous	Landfill	and	
Other Disposal
 1.2%  Non-Hazardous Incineration 
with Energy Recovery
 1.1% Hazardous Waste
Resource Stewardship and Waste 
The Role of Water
Water is essential not just for our operations but for 
people and the planet. Even though we didn’t identify 
water as a material issue in our 2023 DMA, we continue to 
include water stewardship as one of our reporting metrics. 
With water scarcity impacting communities around the 
world, the Company is focused on using less, recycling 
more and increasing access to clean water where it’s 
needed most. In 2023, we completed a water risk and 
stress assessment using the World Resources Institute’s 
Aqueduct and the World Wildlife Fund’s Water Risk Filter 
tools. The insights from this work are shared in our 2024 
CDP Questionnaire.
As part of our circular approach to water, we continue to 
reduce consumption across our manufacturing processes:
• Mohawk Group’s patent-pending Color Pulse™  fiber 
technology eliminates water use in the dyeing process, 
redefining efficiency and sustainability.
• Our partnership with Water.org™  helps bring clean  
water and sanitation to communities facing scarcity  
and drought—because access to safe water should  
never be a privilege.
• Our Global Ceramic business has implemented 
technology and processes that reuse water at most of 
their manufacturing locations, dramatically reducing the 
need for freshwater.
• GH Commercial joined forces with Take 3 for the Sea™  
to tackle water pollution at its source, removing plastic 
and other waste from beaches and riverways before it 
reaches the ocean.
Rethinking Waste Around the Globe
At Mohawk, we’re reimagining waste as a resource, 
integrating circular design principles to minimize 
environmental impact across every stage of a product’s 
life cycle. From sustainable material choices to innovative 
reuse strategies, we’re pushing beyond traditional 
waste management and into a future where materials 
are increasingly repurposed rather than discarded. In 
addition, our 2023 DMA identified waste, resource inflows 
and resource outflows as material topics.
By embedding circular thinking into our operations, we’re 
not just reducing waste—we’re creating new value from it:
• 100% of process waste is recovered at our Marazzi Group 
ceramic facilities, ensuring manufacturing by-products 
stay in the loop. 
• In 2024, Mohawk Home gave 48.8 million pounds of 
tires a second life as decorative door mats, preventing 
the tires from ending up in landfills.
• In 2024, Unilin recycled more than 1.4 billion pounds of 
waste wood into chipboards, transforming discarded 
material into high-quality products. 
By prioritizing a circular model over a linear one, we’re 
designing waste out of the system and unlocking new 
opportunities for sustainability and innovation.
Water Withdrawal Intensity1
(Gallons Withdrawn / Revenue in 
Constant Currency)
2010
BASE
.531
2024
.292
2025
GOAL
.372
2024 Water Withdrawal by Type1
Waste-to-Landfill Intensity1
(Metric Tons / Thousands Revenue 
in Constant Currency)
2010
BASE
.0250
2024
.0133
2025
GOAL
.0175
GOAL: Reduce waste-to-landfill 
intensity by 30% by 2025.
STATUS: Achieved a 47% reduction 
over our 2010 baseline year.
2024 Waste by Type1
1 From manufacturing operations.
MOHAWK   |   2024 IMPACT REPORT
OUR PLANETOUR PURPOSE 12OUR PROGRESSOUR PRACTICESOUR PEOPLE APPENDIX

--- PAGE 14 ---

Product Recovery and Reuse
Closing the Loop: Advancing  
Product Circularity
While we have direct control over key 
operational phases like manufacturing, 
sourcing and supply chain, partnering with 
customers is essential to keeping flooring 
materials out of landfills at the end of 
their life cycle. At Mohawk, circularity is a 
commitment integral to how we design, 
recover and repurpose materials.
Our approach focuses on maximizing 
resource stewardship by ensuring materials 
have a second life. The pursuit of product 
circularity requires more than just innovative 
design; it also requires the right infrastructure 
to collect, process and reuse materials at 
scale. Recycling infrastructure varies widely 
in the regions in which we operate. In the 
United States, for example, challenges 
such as inconsistent municipal recycling 
programs, limited processing facilities and 
logistical hurdles make large-scale materials 
recovery difficult. Many flooring products 
contain multiple material types, adhesives 
or backing layers that require specialized 
recycling processes—capabilities that are still 
developing in many regions. 
Mohawk is working to make recycling easier 
by supporting industry partnerships and 
policies that improve materials recovery. 
Mohawk has been a long-time partner in 
Carpet America Recovery Effort (CARE), the 
California carpet recycling program that helps 
fund collection sites, researches new uses 
for recycled carpet and promotes recycling 
among retailers and commercial end-users. 
By taking part in these efforts, we’re helping 
to build a stronger recycling system—not  
just for our products but for the entire industry.  
This commitment to circularity drives our 
industry-leading take-back programs, which 
continue to expand:
• In 2024, Mohawk Group and Mohawk 
Flooring began taking back luxury vinyl 
tile, stone plastic composite, sheet 
vinyl, laminate, vinyl composite tile and 
engineered wood, in addition to carpet and 
carpet pad.
• Unilin’s take-back program collects wood-
based panels, flooring and insulation 
materials, extending their life cycle.
• Godfrey Hirst can take back carpet, vinyl 
and hybrid floors for reuse and recycling.
• Dal-Tile provides an alternative to landfill 
disposal for unusable or waste ceramic and 
porcelain materials, incorporating them into 
new products at three manufacturing sites. 
We're making our products more 
sustainable by designing them to be 
increasingly manufactured from reused and 
recycled materials, which reduces our need 
for non-renewable materials. At the same 
time, we are pushing for better recycling 
systems, supporting policies that move the 
industry forward and investing in closed-
loop flooring solutions. To learn more about 
how we recover and reuse materials, please 
see the Our Progress section of this report.
50M+
total pounds of  
end-of-life materials 
recovered in 2024
First
company to recycle 
medium density 
and high density 
fiberboard (MDF/HDF) 
into new material via 
the patented Osiris 
process
MOHAWK   |   2024 IMPACT REPORT
OUR PLANETOUR PURPOSE 13OUR PROGRESSOUR PRACTICESOUR PEOPLE APPENDIX

--- PAGE 15 ---

Impacts of Sourcing on Biodiversity
Biodiversity is the foundation of healthy 
ecosystems, and, as a manufacturer that 
sources natural materials, we know our choices 
matter. Wood is our most significant bio-based 
material, and how we source it can either help 
protect forests or contribute to their decline. 
Consequently, we engage in responsible 
forestry practices that safeguard biodiversity, 
mitigate habitat destruction and promote 
long-term sustainability, as well as maximizing 
our use of recycled, reclaimed and recovered 
wood to reduce the need for cutting trees.
Even though biodiversity was not identified  
as a material topic in our 2023 DMA, our 
commitment to sustainable sourcing remains 
strong. Our goal is simple: 100% of the wood 
fiber we source comes from responsibly 
managed forests, recycled waste streams or 
recovered wood sources. In 2024, our global 
manufacturing sites followed standards such as 
Forest Stewardship Council (FSC®), Programme 
for the Endorsement of Forest Certification 
(PEFC™ ), and other third-party validations on 
more than 99% of our wood sourcing. 
Sustainable forestry goes far beyond 
protecting trees—it helps support wildlife, 
clean water and the many communities that 
rely on healthy forests. By making smarter 
sourcing choices, we’re helping ensure that 
wood remains a renewable resource for 
generations to come.
Mohawk Product Wood Sourcing
 60.8%  FSC/PEFC Certiﬁed 
or Controlled 1
 33.8%  Recycled, Reclaimed 
or Recovered
 5.2%  Third-Party Validated
2
 0.2%  Not Third-Party 
Validated
GOAL: All wood fiber sourcing adheres 
to responsible sourcing principles, such as 
FSC, PEFC or other third-party validation 
to ensure 100% of the wood fiber we 
source comes from responsibly managed 
forests, recycled waste streams or 
recovered wood sources by 2030.
STATUS: Achieved over 99% responsible 
wood sourcing.
One Tree Planted
®
Since 2014, One Tree Planted has 
planted over 100 million trees in more 
than 80 countries, and in 2023, Mohawk 
joined in these efforts, enabling the 
planting of over 132,000 around the 
world last year.
Recent projects include longleaf pine 
restoration. These ecosystems support a 
wide range of herbs and grasses—and 
rare animal species such as red-cockaded 
woodpeckers and gopher tortoises.  
By restoring the longleaf pine, this 
project will have long-term impacts on 
the environment, wildlife and people in 
the Southeastern United States. 
1 Includes Chain of Custody and Controlled Wood Standards. 
2 Sourcing investigation with use of external auditing services to ensure wood is sourced according to Lacey Act requirements, including, but not 
limited to, on-site visits, conclusive risk and origin risk.
MOHAWK   |   2024 IMPACT REPORT
OUR PLANETOUR PURPOSE 14OUR PROGRESSOUR PRACTICESOUR PEOPLE APPENDIX

--- PAGE 16 ---

Logistics Efficiency
Mohawk’s commitment to sustainability extends beyond 
manufacturing into logistics. To minimize our fleet’s 
environmental impact, we’ve implemented auto shut-off 
devices in our trucks, thereby reducing idling and 
unnecessary fuel consumption. Additionally, by leveraging 
advanced routing optimization software, we streamline 
delivery routes, improve on-time performance and ensure 
compliance with federal and state emissions regulations.
Our investments in telematics technology play a crucial role 
in enhancing efficiency and sustainability. These systems 
provide real-time data on fuel consumption, driver behavior, 
vehicle diagnostics and engine performance. By analyzing 
this data, we can proactively address maintenance needs, 
reduce fuel waste and optimize driving practices to lower 
emissions. Telematics systems also enable us to improve 
driver safety through monitoring speed, braking patterns 
and adherence to best practices, contributing to a more 
efficient and responsible fleet.
Backhauls are another key component of our logistics 
strategy, helping to reduce “empty miles” and optimize 
asset utilization. While increasing backhauls raises our 
internal mileage and fuel use, it significantly decreases 
overall emissions and congestion by reducing the number 
of trucks on the road across the industry. By integrating 
our logistics operations with supplier networks, we 
further enhance supply chain efficiency, lower costs and 
contribute to a more sustainable transportation model. 
MOHAWK   |   2024 IMPACT REPORT
OUR PLANETOUR PURPOSE 15OUR PROGRESSOUR PRACTICESOUR PEOPLE APPENDIX

--- PAGE 17 ---

OUR PEOPLE
Behind every product we make is a team of people driving innovation, 
exceeding expectations and delivering positive change. Our commitment 
to people goes beyond the workplace, shaping the communities we serve 
and the future we build together. Our talented team fuels the Company’s 
continuous improvement and long-term success, and we’re committed 
to	providing	a	safe,	supportive	workplace	that	reflects	the	broad	range	of	
experiences and skills found in our communities.
We ensure our employees have opportunities to grow by prioritizing 
career development and training at all levels of the business. We also 
know the value of a workforce comprised of individuals with unique 
qualifications	and	potential,	and	we	cultivate	a	culture	where	different	
perspectives can contribute to identifying the best ideas. We also believe 
that providing a safe and healthy work environment is a fundamental 
part of doing business. In addition to our world-class safety programs, 
we foster workplaces where discrimination, harassment and retaliation 
are not tolerated, while also facilitating employee programs to support 
holistic well-being.
Beyond our walls, we give back to the communities we call home. 
Through philanthropy, volunteering and local investments, we support 
education, disaster relief, affordable housing and community health. At 
our core, we believe being a responsible corporate citizen means taking 
action. By aligning our actions with our values, we’re building a stronger 
company and a better future for the people who power it.
Around the globe, Mohawk benefits from the talent and dedication of 
thousands of individuals who make, sell, deliver and support our products. 
While we comply with laws and regulations that vary from region to region, 
our ethical approach remains consistent. All people deserve a safe and 
healthy workplace. They deserve the right to pursue opportunities for 
personal fulfillment and professional advancement. They deserve to be 
respected, appreciated and supported. We are proud of our workforce’s 
exceptional work and long tenure—around one in ten has been with Mohawk 
for 25 or more years—and we are gratified by how many have leveraged the 
training and development programs we provide to grow their careers with us.”
ROD WEDEMEIER
Sr. VP Human Resources
MOHAWK   |   2024 IMPACT REPORT
OUR PEOPLEOUR PLANET 16OUR PURPOSE OUR PROGRESSOUR PRACTICES APPENDIX

--- PAGE 18 ---

Building a High-Performance Workforce 
Mohawk's workforce reflects the communities 
where we operate, bringing together 
individuals with a wide range of backgrounds, 
skills and experiences. We believe that an 
inclusive and high-performing team drives 
innovation, strengthens our Company culture 
and helps us connect more effectively with 
our global customer base.
Each of our businesses around the world 
adapts its approach to team building 
in response to the unique cultural 
characteristics of its market. Across the 
organization, we focus on cultivating a team-
driven culture through initiatives such as:
• Training focused on fostering mutual 
respect, effective collaboration and 
improved performance
• Performance-driven hiring and 
promotional practices
• Clear communication in employees' 
preferred languages
• Employee engagement activities that 
allow the Company to listen to and learn 
from all its team members 
2024 HIGHLIGHTS
1, 2 
~41,900
employees worldwide
10.5%
of global workforce has 
been with the Company for 
25+ years
15%
year-over-year improvement  
in recordable incident  
rate (RIR)
1 Data as of 12/31/2024.
2 As of December 31, 2024, the Company 
employed approximately 41,900 people, 
consisting of approximately 16,200 in the 
United States, approximately 14,200 in Europe 
and approximately 11,500 in other countries. 
MOHAWK   |   2024 IMPACT REPORT
OUR PEOPLEOUR PLANET 17OUR PURPOSE OUR PROGRESSOUR PRACTICES APPENDIX

--- PAGE 19 ---

2024 EMPLOYEE DEMOGRAPHICS
1
Employees by Gender
72% Male
28% Female
New Hires by Gender
 Leadership by Gender2
Employees by Age Range
 New Hires by Age Range
 Employees by Region
37 .7% United States (U.S.)
36.1% Europe
11.6% Mexico
10.0% Brazil
 2.5% Australia/New Zealand
 1.5% Malaysia
 0.6% Other
Employees by Type
 New Hires by Type
 U.S. Employees by Ethnicity
 54.2% White/Caucasian 
 10.0% Black/African American
 28.5% Hispanic/Latino
  2.3% Asian
  1.8% Other/Chose Not to Disclose
  1.0% Native American/Alaska Native
  1.9% Multiracial (Non-Hispanic/Latino)
  0.3% Native Hawaiian
1 Data as of 12/31/2024. Some recent acquisitions are not yet integrated into our global Human Resources Information System, which limits the detail we can access on employees in those businesses.
2 Leadership is defined as employees with direct reports.
MOHAWK   |   2024 IMPACT REPORT
OUR PEOPLEOUR PLANET 18OUR PURPOSE OUR PROGRESSOUR PRACTICES APPENDIX

--- PAGE 20 ---

Training and Development
We believe in empowering our employees 
to reach their fullest potential and to pursue 
their career aspirations. This commitment 
strengthens our ability to cultivate a high-
performing workforce equipped with the skills 
needed to drive business success, enhance 
individual growth and foster positive change. 
By continuously exploring innovative learning 
and development methods, we help our team 
members prepare to meet evolving business 
needs and excel in their current roles while 
preparing for future opportunities.
Our Training and Development Policy is 
designed to balance the Company’s global 
needs while accommodating local variations 
and employee expectations, providing a 
structured yet flexible approach to training 
and development. The policy ensures all 
employees at all levels have access to 
continuous learning opportunities that foster 
personal growth, enhance job performance 
and contribute to the Company’s success.
Each business unit tailors its talent 
development programs to suit unique 
operational and management requirements, 
offering opportunities across all career stages. 
This approach helps us build a sustainable 
internal talent pipeline and maximize business 
performance, as well as retain top-tier talent 
and remain agile in a competitive market.
• In 2024, Marazzi Group delivered more  
than 12,600 hours of learning to over  
2,300 participants, covering safety, 
environmental awareness, management, 
information technology, foreign languages  
and technical skills.
• Flooring North America offers growth 
opportunities for employees at all career 
stages with development programs like 
ENGAGE, ASPIRE, ASCEND, RISE and LEAD.
• Dal-Tile’s Corporate Mentorship Program 
connects employees across roles to foster 
growth, leadership and collaboration. Mentors 
provide guidance, while mentees offer fresh 
insights, strengthening engagement, talent 
retention and career development. 
For more information on the training and 
development initiatives across our businesses, 
please visit the Our Progress section of this report.
MOHAWK   |   2024 IMPACT REPORT
OUR PEOPLEOUR PLANET 19OUR PURPOSE OUR PROGRESSOUR PRACTICES APPENDIX

--- PAGE 21 ---

Health and Well-Being
At Mohawk, our employees and their families 
are at the heart of everything we do, and their 
well-being is a top priority. We take a holistic 
approach to health, recognizing that wellness 
extends beyond physical care—it encompasses 
mental, emotional and financial well-being, 
too. Our dedication to supporting our people 
is reflected in a range of benefits, resources, 
training initiatives and support programs.
As a global company, we understand that 
what works for one person—or even one 
region—may not be the best fit for another. 
That’s why we take a flexible, people-first 
approach, tailoring our support to meet the 
unique needs of our employees wherever 
they are. From on-site and local healthy life 
centers to mental health support services, 
telehealth options and wellness coaching, we 
offer a variety of resources to help employees 
take care of themselves and their families. 
We also invest in continuous learning 
opportunities through specialized training 
platforms, empowering our people to grow 
personally and gain the tools to take charge 
of their well-being. Whether it’s making 
healthcare more accessible, encouraging a 
healthy work-life balance or providing tools 
for personal development, we support our 
employees in living healthier, happier lives. 
Zero-Harm Workplace
We maintain safe, healthy workplaces worldwide, minimizing risks and prioritizing 
employee well-being. Safety is a continuous priority where leaders set the standard and 
employees actively participate in fostering a safe, healthy and supportive environment 
through ongoing training, open communication and adherence to best practices. 
In 2024, we continued our efforts to lower our recordable incident rate (RIR) to 1.0 by 2030, 
reinforcing an ongoing commitment to workplace safety and injury prevention. A lower  
RIR indicates a safer work environment, fewer workplace injuries and improved employee 
well-being. Lowering our RIR can have far-reaching impacts such as higher morale and 
productivity, and a stronger reputation as a safe employer to help attract the best workforce. 
It’s about ensuring that every employee starts their workday with confidence, knowing that 
their health, safety and well-being are priorities at Mohawk.
By making safety and employee well-being a global focus, we are building a culture of 
trust, care and resilience in every region where we operate. Together, we’re creating 
workplaces that are safer, healthier and more productive for everyone.
Recordable Incident Rate
2010
BASE
1.87
2024
1.22
2030
GOAL
1.00
GOAL: Reduce the RIR to 1.0 by 2030.
STATUS: Achieved an RIR of 1.22, a 35% 
reduction from our 2010 baseline year.
MOHAWK   |   2024 IMPACT REPORT
OUR PEOPLEOUR PLANET 20OUR PURPOSE OUR PROGRESSOUR PRACTICES APPENDIX

--- PAGE 22 ---

Community Connection
Employees aren’t just part of Mohawk; they’re also the fabric of the 
communities they call home. That’s why we’ve committed to making a 
positive impact wherever we operate, and we’re proud to support the 
work of our people in giving back to those communities.
Our focus on improving quality of life is evident in the way we support 
and collaborate with local nonprofit organizations. Together, we create 
lasting change and provide individuals with the opportunity to positively 
impact the causes that resonate with them. Whether providing resources, 
volunteering time or supporting community-focused initiatives, we know 
that when our employees thrive, so do their local communities.
In 2024, Mohawk’s global business has been involved in a variety 
of community initiatives. In North America, we strengthened our 
partnership with Susan G Komen
™  in the fight against breast cancer,  
while our teams in Europe participated in local clean-up events, making 
a visible difference in their surrounding environments. In Belgium, we 
rallied together in an annual cycling challenge in which employees 
biked 250 kilometers to raise money for the ALS League, a leading 
organization in the fight against the neuromuscular disease. In Australia 
and New Zealand, we supported education initiatives that provide 
scholarships and materials for students in underserved areas, and our 
employees in South America contributed to food security programs, 
helping families facing economic hardship.
Across all our locations, the passion and dedication of our colleagues 
shine through in their community involvement. For additional information 
on community activities in each of our businesses, please visit the Our 
Progress section of this report.
MOHAWK   |   2024 IMPACT REPORT
OUR PEOPLEOUR PLANET 21OUR PURPOSE OUR PROGRESSOUR PRACTICES APPENDIX

--- PAGE 23 ---

OUR PRACTICES 
Our environmental and social efforts are 
grounded in consistent, responsible business 
operations. Our approach to accountability, 
risk management and ethical decision-making 
supports every aspect of our operations, helping 
to ensure that our actions are aligned with our 
values at every level of the organization.
We’ve established clear processes to monitor 
compliance, manage emerging risks and foster 
transparency—especially as expectations around 
climate disclosure, human rights and supply chain 
integrity continue to evolve. These practices are 
not static; they are designed to adapt and grow 
alongside our business, regulatory landscapes 
and stakeholder priorities.
By integrating thoughtful governance into daily 
decision-making, we strengthen the connection 
between our strategy and our sustainability 
impact—making sure that our environmental  
and social efforts are both credible and lasting.
Sustainability is an integral part of Mohawk’s governance process, 
which ensures accountability and helps to drive strategic progress. 
From regular sustainability presentations to the Board of Directors 
and executive leadership team to managing environmental 
risks and opportunities to ensuring accurate reporting, we are 
committed to continuous improvement and transparency in our 
sustainable processes, programs and procedures.”
DAVE PATTON
VP Business Strategy and General Counsel
MOHAWK   |   2024 IMPACT REPORT
OUR PRACTICESOUR PEOPLE 22OUR PLANETOUR PURPOSE OUR PROGRESS APPENDIX

--- PAGE 24 ---

ESG Executive Council 
Mohawk’s Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) Executive Council 
is comprised of senior leaders, including the presidents of each business 
segment, and is responsible for shaping the Company’s sustainability strategy 
and goals. The Council monitors progress toward Mohawk’s sustainability 
objectives and provides regular updates to the CEO and Board of Directors. 
The Council also advises and collaborates with the Board’s Nominating and 
Corporate Governance Committee (NCGC) and Audit Committee (AC) on 
sustainability-related matters.
In addition to setting goals, the Council evaluates sustainability risks and 
opportunities and recommends actions to address them. The Council also 
reviews and approves global environmental and social initiatives to drive 
meaningful progress in sustainability across Mohawk’s operations.
ESG GOVERNANCE STRUCTURE
CEO AND BOARD OF DIRECTORS
• Ultimate responsibility for the Company’s ESG-related programs and initiatives
NOMINATING AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE COMMITTEE / AUDIT COMMITTEE
• NCGC oversees the Company’s ESG-related programs
• Helps formulate strategies to respond to public policy, legislative, regulatory, political and social 
topics, as well as trends related to environmental and social risks that may significantly affect the 
business operations, financial performance or public image of the Company
• AC oversees risk management as it relates to the Company’s sustainability strategy
ESG EXECUTIVE COUNCIL
• Reviews and approves sustainability strategy
• Works with the Board to provide oversight and guidance to the business
• Engages in risk planning to identify and understand sustainability impacts to the Company, 
including regulatory changes as well as physical, operational and climate change-related risks
• Applies understanding of risks to inform our sustainability strategy
• Sets environmental and social goals
CHIEF SUSTAINABILITY OFFICER
• Defines and executes Mohawk’s sustainability strategy across the global enterprise
• Partners with functional areas to increase alignment and optimize global efforts for carbon 
reduction, product circularity, resource conservation and commitments to workplace excellence
PEOPLE COUNCIL / PLANET COUNCIL
• Multi-business, multi-level stakeholder leadership groups tasked with aligning business direction 
and decision-making with sustainability goals
• Develops sustainability strategy, including goals and objectives
• Identifies metrics to track performance and provide business segment feedback, including best 
practice sharing
MOHAWK   |   2024 IMPACT REPORT
OUR PRACTICESOUR PEOPLE 23OUR PLANETOUR PURPOSE OUR PROGRESS APPENDIX

--- PAGE 25 ---

Risk Management and Due Diligence 
Mohawk’s due diligence process includes ongoing assessments, stakeholder engagement 
and data-driven analysis to manage the impacts, risks and opportunities identified 
through our most recent Double Materiality Assessment (DMA). We have also initiated 
pre-assurance work on our DMA to further strengthen the credibility and reliability of our 
evaluation process. In parallel, we continue to monitor emerging risks across our value 
chain, including, but not limited to, regulatory changes, resource scarcity, labor and 
supply chain dynamics, and product safety.
In addition to maintaining compliance with all relevant local and national regulations, we 
leverage leading global sustainability reporting frameworks as tools to support our due 
diligence efforts. Frameworks such as the GRI, CDP and the ISSB’s IFRS Sustainability 
Disclosure Standards provide structure for identifying, assessing and managing material 
sustainability-related risks and opportunities across our operations. By integrating 
these standards into our due diligence practices, we ensure that our risk management 
processes are both robust and responsive to evolving stakeholder expectations and 
regulatory requirements.
Strong governance underpins Mohawk’s approach to sustainability due diligence. Our ESG 
Executive Council, reporting directly to the Board’s NCGC, is responsible for overseeing the 
implementation and continuous improvement of our due diligence systems. This includes 
reviewing the integrity of our risk identification processes, evaluating the effectiveness of 
controls and mitigation strategies, and ensuring alignment with strategic priorities. The 
Council also escalates critical sustainability-related risks or opportunities to the Board, 
reinforcing our commitment to accountability and proactive risk management. For more 
details, see Mohawk’s NCGC Charter.
Regulatory Compliance
As a global leader in the flooring industry, we are committed to compliance with laws, 
regulations and industry guidelines. We view compliance not only as a legal requirement but 
as a fundamental component of our relationship with our communities and our commitment 
to the world. Our comprehensive compliance program encompasses legal compliance, data 
privacy, environmental regulations, labor laws and health and safety standards.
MOHAWK   |   2024 IMPACT REPORT
OUR PRACTICESOUR PEOPLE 24OUR PLANETOUR PURPOSE OUR PROGRESS APPENDIX

--- PAGE 26 ---

Standards of Conduct and Ethics
At Mohawk, we take great pride in doing business with 
integrity, transparency and accountability. These values are 
at the heart of everything we do, influencing our interactions 
with customers, employees, suppliers and communities 
around the globe. They guide our daily operations and shape 
our commitment to ethical business practices.
We maintain a zero-tolerance stance on unethical behavior, 
including corruption, discrimination or harassment. Our 
Standards of Conduct and Business Ethics, together with our 
Human Rights Policy, set a clear framework that nurtures a 
culture of ethical behavior and compliance. These policies 
apply to employees worldwide, and we expect them to 
comply with the policies and with all applicable laws and 
regulations wherever we do business. In particular, our 
Standards of Conduct and Business Ethics outline Mohawk’s 
ethical and legal standards in the following areas:
• Reporting Ethics and Conduct Violations
• Fair and Honest Dealing with All
• Compliance with Laws, Rules and Regulations
• Conflicts of Interest
• Corporate Opportunities
• Protection and Proper Use of Company Assets
• Confidential and Proprietary Information
In addition, the Standards of Conduct and Business Ethics 
includes supplemental standards for senior financial officers, 
including the integrity and accuracy of public disclosures 
and the adherence to applicable accounting standards. We  
have implemented robust policies worldwide to help prevent 
anti-competitive practices and ensure that every decision we 
make is fair and lawful. All employees, officers and directors 
are expected to adhere to these standards.
Given our global footprint, we continually review and update 
our ethical policies to keep them effective and consistent 
across all regions. To proactively manage corruption risks, 
we regularly assess potential vulnerabilities and provide 
comprehensive anti-corruption and anti-competition training 
every two years in multiple languages. This training equips 
our teams with the knowledge and tools they need to identify 
and address risks, reinforcing our commitment to ethical 
conduct across the Company. In 2024, more than 99% of 
employees completed the training, up 10% from 2022. In 
2023, a scheduled off-year for training, business presidents 
sent communications to their organizations highlighting 
specific corruption risks and the importance of ethical 
business practices.
Reporting Conduct Violations
With a business as large and complex as Mohawk’s, we rely  
on our employees to help identify potential concerns. To 
support this, we conduct annual business standards surveys  
to proactively spot issues and uphold our values across  
the Company. 
A respectful and supportive workplace is essential for the 
success of our Company as a whole. We have a strong anti-
harassment policy in place, which all employees are required 
to read and follow. By fostering a workplace where people 
 
feel valued and heard, we strengthen our culture and create  
a better environment for everyone.
We provide multiple ways for 
employees, customers and suppliers 
to report concerns, including a 
confidential Mohawk Ethics Hotline 
website and 24/7 anonymous 
telephonic hotlines managed by 
a third party. These channels are 
available in local languages so that 
everyone has a voice and can share 
input without fear of retaliation.
MOHAWK   |   2024 IMPACT REPORT
OUR PRACTICESOUR PEOPLE 25OUR PLANETOUR PURPOSE OUR PROGRESS APPENDIX

--- PAGE 27 ---

Political Engagement
Our approach to political engagement is responsible, transparent and consciously limited. We do 
not make direct political contributions to candidates, political parties or political action committees. 
Our political impartiality is consistent throughout the organization. While we are members of trade 
associations and chambers of commerce, we do not exert influence over their political activities. We 
acknowledge that our positions may not always align with those of the organizations of which we are 
members, and we maintain independence in our decision-making process. 
We recognize that trade association policies generally reflect a compromise among diverse membership 
interests, and at times the policy positions and lobbying activities of these associations may not fully 
align with our own views. In these cases, we work to mitigate any risks associated with such misalignment. 
Specifically, we seek to address differences through education of association staff and key members, 
ongoing engagement to help shape consensus positions and, if necessary, by formally dissenting from 
specific positions, including withholding Company participation or endorsement where appropriate. 
To uphold transparency, we disclose our memberships in trade associations and chambers of commerce, 
along with identifying the financial support we provide to organizations that exert even minimal political 
influence. For more information, see our Political Contributions Policy. Mohawk neither endorses specific 
candidates nor attempts to influence the voting decisions of our team members. Mohawk does, however, 
encourage team members to vote and has included voter registration opportunities at numerous events.
MOHAWK   |   2024 IMPACT REPORT
OUR PRACTICESOUR PEOPLE 26OUR PLANETOUR PURPOSE OUR PROGRESS APPENDIX

--- PAGE 28 ---

At Mohawk, we see 
understanding and mitigating 
climate risk as not just a 
challenge, but as a critical 
factor in protecting long-
term business value. Our 
financial strategy is rooted 
in resilience, making smart 
investments today to ensure 
we can navigate tomorrow’s 
disruptions with confidence.”
JIM BRUNK
Chief	Financial	Officer
At Mohawk, we see 
understanding and mitigating 
climate risk as not just a 
challenge, but as a critical 
factor in protecting long-
term business value. Our 
financial strategy is rooted 
in resilience, making smart 
investments today to ensure 
we can navigate tomorrow’s 
disruptions with confidence.”
JIM BRUNK
Chief	Financial	Officer
Data Security 
As technology continues to evolve, data security 
and individual privacy remain critical concerns 
for businesses and society. The rise of cyber 
threats, artificial intelligence (AI)-driven data 
breaches and increasingly sophisticated phishing 
attacks has made safeguarding information 
more important than ever. People rightfully 
expect companies to handle personal data 
responsibly, including personally identifiable 
information, payment details, device data and 
browsing history.
At Mohawk, we protect sensitive information 
and use it only for legitimate business 
purposes, such as identity verification, 
customer communications and enhancing 
our websites. Our Privacy Policy outlines 
our data collection practices for corporate 
operations and U.S.-based businesses, while 
our international entities follow localized 
procedures aligned with regional data 
protection laws. We respect users’ rights 
under applicable data protection laws in every 
country, state and province where we operate.
To further strengthen trust in the digital 
workplace, Mohawk introduced an AI Use 
in the Workplace Policy in 2024. This policy 
establishes guidelines for the ethical and 
responsible use of AI in daily operations, 
ensuring that AI tools enhance productivity 
while upholding privacy, security and fairness. 
By setting clear boundaries on AI-driven 
decision-making and data handling, we 
are proactively shaping the future of work 
while protecting employees, customers and 
business partners from emerging risks.
Regular cybersecurity training for our 
employees is a key aspect of our information 
security strategy. New employees undergo 
mandatory online cybersecurity training 
upon joining the Company, and we provide 
annual training to all employees, covering 
various topics such as secure access practice, 
phishing schemes, remote work and response 
to suspicious activities. To complement online 
training, employees are educated through 
additional methods, including event-triggered 
awareness campaigns, recognition programs, 
security presentations, intranet articles, 
videos, system-generated communications, 
email publications and various simulation 
exercises. While we work diligently to minimize 
the likelihood of security issues, based on 
the sensitivity of the data, no company can 
guarantee the absolute security of personal 
information. However, we are pleased to report 
that 2024 marked our sixth consecutive year 
with no material data breaches.
As data security challenges evolve, so do 
our efforts to address them. Through regular 
assessments, updated policies and transparent 
reporting to our Board of Directors, we remain 
committed to protecting personal data, 
mitigating risks and fostering a secure,  
AI-ready workplace.
The responsible use of 
technology is a critical part of 
Mohawk’s sustainability strategy. 
Having reliable data allows us to 
make better decisions on material 
utilization, energy and water 
consumption and conservation 
and logistics enhancements. 
We also ensure that our external 
facing websites comply with local 
standards on data collection, 
and we work diligently to 
protect the personal information 
of employees and financial 
information of customers from 
cyber threats through a robust 
security program. Technology 
is constantly evolving, but our 
commitment to using data 
responsibly remains steadfast.” 
CLAUDIO CONI
Chief	Information	Officer
6 years
no material data breaches
MOHAWK   |   2024 IMPACT REPORT
OUR PRACTICESOUR PEOPLE 27OUR PLANETOUR PURPOSE OUR PROGRESS APPENDIX

--- PAGE 29 ---

Supply Chain Management: 
Policy and Human Rights
Mohawk holds its global partners to high 
ethical, environmental and social standards. Our 
Supplier Code of Conduct requires that materials 
used in our products comply with applicable laws 
and align with our commitment to responsible 
business practices. Suppliers are also required 
to adhere to Mohawk’s Environmental Policy and 
Human Rights Policy, with these expectations 
extending to their subcontractors. We take swift 
action to address any known violations.
We are also committed to responsible sourcing 
of raw materials, including gold, tin, tungsten 
and tantalum—commonly known as conflict 
minerals. While these materials make up only a 
small part of our supply chain, we follow strict 
Organization for Economic Co-operation and 
Development (OECD) Due Diligence Guidance 
to help ensure they do not fund armed groups 
in the Democratic Republic of Congo or 
surrounding regions. Each year, we conduct a 
country-of-origin review and expect our suppliers 
to do the same, verifying that any necessary 
conflict minerals are sourced responsibly.
Through these efforts, we reinforce ethical business 
practices while promoting greater transparency 
and accountability across our global supply chain.
Maintaining an Ethical Supply Chain: 
Standing Against Forced Labor
As part of our ongoing dedication to 
responsible practices, we are committed to 
sourcing raw material for our products, as well 
as sourcing finished products in alignment 
with our policies, practices and principles. As 
detailed in our Human Rights Policy, Mohawk 
stands firmly against child labor, human 
trafficking, forced or underpaid prison labor 
and slavery practices of any kind, and continues 
to undertake due diligence to validate this 
expectation with our suppliers. Voluntary 
labor is a standard across the Company and a 
condition for doing business with Mohawk.
MOHAWK   |   2024 IMPACT REPORT
OUR PRACTICESOUR PEOPLE 28OUR PLANETOUR PURPOSE OUR PROGRESS APPENDIX

--- PAGE 30 ---

OUR PROGRESS 
AROUND THE GLOBE
Across our global businesses, all of us at Mohawk are driving 
measurable progress—lowering emissions, reducing waste, 
increasing recycled content and designing products that stay in 
use longer and perform better. Sustainability is built into how we 
innovate, manufacture and deliver for our customers and the people 
who use our products to enhance the spaces where they live and 
work. What differentiates us is our relentless focus on execution. 
We don’t just set targets; we embed sustainability into the 
business, because doing so delivers real impact for our customers, 
our communities and our planet. Innovation and sustainability go 
hand in hand, which our teams around the world prove every day.”
PAUL DE COCK
President	and	Chief	Operating	Officer
MOHAWK   |   2024 IMPACT REPORT
OUR PROGRESSOUR PRACTICES
 29OUR PEOPLEOUR PLANETOUR PURPOSE APPENDIX

--- PAGE 31 ---

Our Global Operating Structure
$10.8B
2024 Net Sales
19
Countries Where 
Mohawk Manufactures1
180
Countries Where 
Mohawk Sells1
1 As of December 31, 2024.
Global Ceramic
The largest manufacturer, distributor and marketer 
of ceramic tile and natural stone in the world.
Products:
Ceramic	tile,	stone	floors,	porcelain	roof	tiles	and	
stone, quartz and porcelain slab countertops
Geographies:
North America, Europe, South America
Flooring North America
One of the largest suppliers of premium carpet, 
rugs, laminate, sheet vinyl, luxury vinyl tile and 
wood	flooring	in	North	America.
Products:
Carpet, carpet tile, rugs, laminate, sheet vinyl, 
luxury	vinyl	tile	and	wood	flooring
Geographies:
North America
Flooring Rest of the World
One of the largest suppliers outside of North America of 
premium laminate, sheet vinyl, carpet, wood and luxury 
vinyl	tile	flooring.	European	product	line	also	includes	
roofing	systems,	insulation	products,	mezzanine	flooring	
and panels for construction, cabinet and furniture markets.
Products:
Laminate,	luxury	vinyl	tile,	sheet	vinyl,	wood	flooring,	carpet,	
carpet	tile,	boards,	roofing	systems	and	insulation	panels
Geographies:
Europe, Oceania, South America
2024 Net Sales Distribution
MOHAWK   |   2024 IMPACT REPORT
OUR PROGRESSOUR PRACTICES
 30OUR PEOPLEOUR PLANETOUR PURPOSE APPENDIX

--- PAGE 32 ---

Global Ceramic
MOHAWK   |   2024 IMPACT REPORT
OUR PROGRESSOUR PRACTICES
 31OUR PEOPLEOUR PLANETOUR PURPOSE APPENDIX

--- PAGE 33 ---

2024 Highlights
• 107,190 MWh of heat recovered in our atomizers through our three 
cogeneration plants
• 31,704 tons of CO2 emissions prevented by purchasing 71,858 MWh of renewable 
energy covered by a Guarantee of Origin (as per AIB 2023 emission factors)1
• Earned	T op	Employer’ s	Certification	(9th	consecutive	year),	through	the	globally	
recognized	T op	Employers	Institute,	and	Best	Employer	Certification	(3rd	year)	
from Statista
• 12,641 hours of training (+26.5% vs 2023)—60% dedicated to workplace safety
1 See Carbon Substantiation.
2024 Achievements
100%
of imported electricity is 
from renewable sources
Archiproducts
®
 
Sustainable Award 
for Slow and Realstone_
Travertino collections
500+
hours completed in the 
PEOPLE-NESS program
We remain committed to continuous 
improvement and responsible 
innovation. Our focus is on achieving 
tangible results that benefit people, the 
environment and business, ensuring 
that our sustainability efforts are 
impactful and enduring.”
MAURO VANDINI
President Global Ceramic, 
Marazzi Group
Our Brands
MOHAWK   |   2024 IMPACT REPORT
OUR PROGRESSOUR PRACTICES
 32OUR PEOPLEOUR PLANETOUR PURPOSE APPENDIX

--- PAGE 34 ---

Recycled Quality
Integrating Recycled Materials in High-Quality  
Ceramic Collections
We've developed new solutions to increasingly 
incorporate recycled content into our raw materials 
without compromising quality and aesthetics. In 2024, the 
Slow and Realstone_Travertino collections were awarded 
the Archiproducts Sustainable Award for adhering 
to sustainable design principles, thanks to their high 
recycled material content and low environmental impact 
production techniques.
Marazzi Slow is a collection inspired by traditional 
terracotta, combining an artisanal look with modernity. It 
simulates hand-rammed clays, intentionally uneven with 
many small imperfections. Each tile is rich in details and 
personality, thanks to 3D Ink technology, which creates 
unique tactile effects on every piece.
Ragno Realstone_Travertino features two complementary 
looks that enhance the beauty of highly tactile surfaces. 
These surfaces are manufactured with 3D Ink technology, 
providing a natural accuracy to a classic stone effect 
updated for contemporary tastes.
Using recycled materials in production reduces the need for 
virgin raw materials, cuts waste and helps earn Leadership 
in Energy and Environmental Design (LEED®) credits in the 
Materials and Resources category. LEED awards points for 
recycled content, which is vital for certification. These credits 
are crucial for energy efficiency, water conservation and 
indoor environmental quality, promoting sustainable, 
high-performance buildings.
MOHAWK   |   2024 IMPACT REPORT
OUR PROGRESSOUR PRACTICES
 33OUR PEOPLEOUR PLANETOUR PURPOSE APPENDIX

--- PAGE 35 ---

Achievements At-a-Glance Award BrandsBoard of Directors
CommunityCircularityChecklist
Calendar
Certification Cyber Security
Carpet TilesCarpet Ceramic Tile
Employees Energy ESG CouncilEducation
Global Governance HomeHighlightsHealth/Well-Being Innovation Insulation Panels Location LVT
Manufacturing People/Planet Council Planet/Climate PlantingParticleboard Premium LaminatePorcelain Slabs Quartz Countertops Recycled Material
Sheet Vinyl Stone SlabsSafety Supply ChainSolar Training Transportation Trees Water
Wind Work Environment
Terramater
Timeless Design, Sustainable Craft 
Terramater is a new porcelain stoneware collection launched in 2024. It is the 
result of extensive research into raw materials, glazes, colors and surfaces and 
is a tribute to the 50th anniversary of Marazzi's revolutionary single-firing patent. 
This innovative process involves the simultaneous firing of the tile body and 
the finishing glaze, greatly reducing production time. Terramater is made from 
Italian clays and includes 60% recycled material. 
Thanks to special glazes that blend with the red body during firing, Terramater 
creates textured floor and wall coverings with unique surfaces, richly detailed 
and charged with memory. 
The palette of seven intense, deep colors is born from the reaction between 
the glaze and the natural oxides, recalling the aesthetics of 1970s ceramics, 
whose dimensions they also recover and reinterpret. 
The three-dimensional structures of the Terramater collection stand out for 
their strong textures. With its pattern of parallel stripes and its rectangular 
shape, Ritmo creates a dynamic surface in which the three-dimensional ridges 
of the burnt sienna glaze highlight the matte textured finish in a rich play 
of light. Losanga evokes the refinement of classic motifs in which red glaze 
reliefs emerge from the background material to create a decorative effect that 
is both traditional and innovative. 
60% recycled material
Italian clays
MOHAWK   |   2024 IMPACT REPORT
OUR PROGRESSOUR PRACTICES
 34OUR PEOPLEOUR PLANETOUR PURPOSE APPENDIX

--- PAGE 36 ---

Fostering Art and Community Care
Exhibition “Gianni Berengo Gardin. Marazzi, 
the Fast Lines”
Marazzi celebrated the 50th anniversary of its 
revolutionary rapid single-firing patent with the 
exhibition “Gianni Berengo Gardin. Marazzi, 
the Fast Lines” at Palazzo Ducale Sassuolo, 
Gallerie Estensi. 
The exhibition features 42 unpublished 
photographs taken in 1977 by Gianni Berengo 
Gardin, the renowned Italian reportage 
photographer, capturing the dynamic and 
colorful production lines that transformed the 
ceramic sector. The photographs, presented 
to the public for the first time, highlight the 
vibrant flow of shapes and tones in ceramic 
production. This unique collection showcases 
the artist's departure from his classic black-
and-white style, offering an abstract and 
unusual vision of the production process that 
revolutionized tile manufacturing in 1974.
Exhibition “Tiles from Small Beginnings. 
1889–1939. The First Fifty Years of  
the District”
The exhibition at the Museum of Ceramics  
of Fiorano, Spezzano Castle, explores the  
early decades of the Italian ceramic district 
(1889–1939). 
Featuring about 100 rare pieces from historic 
companies and celebrating pioneers like 
Filippo Marazzi, it highlights the sector's 
evolution, culminating in the post-war boom. 
With the contribution of Marazzi Group for 
scientific research, the Medici Collection, with 
over 7,000 pieces, is also showcased. This 
collection documents the rich history and 
development of local ceramic production.
Support for the Community and the  
Most Vulnerable
In 2024, we participated with the Giacomo 
Sintini Association in the “Adopt a Gift” 
project for children in the onco-hematology 
department of Perugia hospital. 
We continue to support the Italian Lymphoma 
Foundation, a nonprofit conducting scientific 
research for lymphoma treatment. 
We also have extended our ongoing 
partnership with the Progetti del Cuore 
Association, which provides services to the 
most vulnerable, including children, differently-
abled citizens and the elderly. 
Last year, in collaboration with “Io sto con...” 
(I stay with...), we helped purchase vehicles 
for transporting the elderly, disabled and 
those with mobility issues due to physical, 
psychological, social or family reasons. These 
vehicles were donated to the Public Service 
Company for the People of the Northern 
Modena Municipalities Area.
MOHAWK   |   2024 IMPACT REPORT
OUR PROGRESSOUR PRACTICES
 35OUR PEOPLEOUR PLANETOUR PURPOSE APPENDIX

--- PAGE 37 ---

At Dal-Tile, our mission is to craft beautiful 
tiles responsibly, every single day. We 
bring sustainability to life through our 
products and responsible manufacturing 
processes. As dedicated stewards of our 
global impact, we leverage resources to 
shrink our environmental footprint, reduce 
waste and reinvigorate our industry with 
sustainable inspiration.”
MATT KAHNY
President of Dal-Tile, LLC
2024 Highlights
• Overall, we recover and reuse 84% of all process wastewater in our U.S. and  
Mexico-based facilities
• Renewed Transparency—Declare	Labels	and	Certifications	successfully	renewed
• EcoVadis Recognition —Earned the EcoVadis Committed Badge for  
sustainability efforts
• We have sent millions of pounds 	of	materials	to	state-approved 	beneficial	 
reuse programs
• Higher Mindclick™  MSAP Ratings—Two of four hospitality product families now  
at Leader Level
• SampleBar Program Upgrade—Now featuring fully recyclable packaging and  
sample return bins in all showrooms
2024 At-a-Glance
100%
of North American 
Plants are Green 
Squared	Certified
99% +
of our tile 
collections contain 
recycled materials
125 million +
gallons of wastewater 
prevented from entering 
municipal water  
treatment facilities
Our Brands
MOHAWK   |   2024 IMPACT REPORT
OUR PROGRESSOUR PRACTICES
 36OUR PEOPLEOUR PLANETOUR PURPOSE APPENDIX

--- PAGE 38 ---

Achievements At-a-Glance Award BrandsBoard of Directors
CommunityCircularityChecklist
Calendar
Certification Cyber Security
Carpet TilesCarpet Ceramic Tile
Employees Energy ESG CouncilEducation
Global Governance HomeHighlightsHealth/Well-Being Innovation Insulation Panels Location LVT
Manufacturing People/Planet Council Planet/Climate PlantingParticleboard Premium LaminatePorcelain Slabs Quartz Countertops Recycled Material
Sheet Vinyl Stone SlabsSafety Supply ChainSolar Training Transportation Trees Water
Wind Work Environment
Achievements At-a-Glance Award BrandsBoard of Directors
CommunityCircularityChecklist
Calendar
Certification Cyber Security
Carpet TilesCarpet Ceramic Tile
Employees Energy ESG CouncilEducation
Global Governance HomeHighlightsHealth/Well-Being Innovation Insulation Panels Location LVT
Manufacturing People/Planet Council Planet/Climate PlantingParticleboard Premium LaminatePorcelain Slabs Quartz Countertops Recycled Material
Sheet Vinyl Stone SlabsSafety Supply ChainSolar Training Transportation Trees Water
Wind Work Environment
OUR PROMISE
Award-Winning OUR PROMISE Sustainability Platform
Dal-Tile’s comprehensive OUR PROMISE campaign is a robust communication 
and education endeavor aimed at showcasing the environmentally friendly 
and sustainable aspects of the brand’s products and processes to all customer 
segments. This extensive messaging program is seamlessly integrated 
into every stage of the customer’s shopping journey, from the initial digital 
interaction to the in-store experience.
Launched in 2022, Dal-Tile has actively led this campaign, maintaining a 
strong presence at trade shows and events through 2025. The campaign has 
earned widespread recognition, winning the Best of Sustainability/Disruption 
award at The International Surface Event 2023, the GreenStep Award in the 
Product category and the Wellness Trailblazer honor at the Kitchen and Bath 
Industry Show 2024.
Dal-Tile also served as a headline sponsor for the inaugural Flooring 
Sustainability Summit in July 2024 organized by the Tile Council of North 
America, reinforcing its commitment to sustainability. This first-of-its-kind 
event united industry leaders, architects and designers to advance sustainable 
practices in flooring.
OUR VALUES
1.
Zero compromises 
on ethical standards 
2.
Policies that  
prioritize health, 
safety and respect 
3.
Robust education and 
training to provide 
opportunities  
to everyone
MOHAWK   |   2024 IMPACT REPORT
OUR PROGRESSOUR PRACTICES
 37OUR PEOPLEOUR PLANETOUR PURPOSE APPENDIX

--- PAGE 39 ---

Mentorship  
Programs
The LeadHER Initiative fosters a community for 
women in leadership, enhancing connections 
and promoting professional growth.
In 2024, we expanded the program with 
quarterly speakers and panels, achieving a 
record year for mentorship participation. The 
Women of Dal-Tile also came together for a 
special LeadHER event on International Women’s 
Day to connect and share best practices.
“We launched the program three years ago  
at our Dal-Tile corporate headquarters,” said 
Hilary Frank, Vice President of Commercial 
Sales and program co-founder. “This year, we 
hosted an in-person keynote and workshop 
 
for our 2024 mentorship cohort, focusing on 
Leadership Presence and the seven hurdles 
that can prevent women from advancing into 
leadership. Through our partnership with 
Linkage™ , a Society for Human Resource 
Management company, we explored  
research-backed strategies to break these 
barriers and drive impact.”
Frank emphasized the value of cross-organization 
collaboration, saying, “We don’t all work together 
daily, but we have plenty of ideas and best 
practices to share that can strengthen our 
business.” Commercial Sales Manager Willow 
Dicker added, “I can’t express how amazing it 
feels to work for a company that truly celebrates, 
supports and promotes women.”
LeadHER continues to drive mentorship, 
training and development, reinforcing Dal-Tile’s 
commitment to cultivating future women 
leaders. “This initiative strengthens our 
organization by fostering engagement and 
inspiring professional growth,” Frank said.
Corporate Mentorship Program
In 2024, our internal HR Mentorship Program 
provided 66 mentees with a structured 
opportunity to grow their careers through 
personalized guidance from experienced 
mentors. Designed to foster professional 
development, the program pairs participants 
with senior leaders who offer insights into 
career progression, leadership skills and 
industry best practices. Over the course of 
the year, mentees engaged in one-on-one 
meetings, networking events and skill-
building workshops, ensuring they received 
comprehensive support tailored to their goals.
By connecting employees across different 
departments and experience levels, the 
program not only enhanced individual career 
paths but also strengthened our company 
culture. Mentees gained valuable exposure to 
new perspectives and leadership strategies, 
while mentors found fulfillment in shaping 
the next generation of talent. The success of 
the 2024 cohort highlights our commitment 
to investing in employee growth, and the 
program will continue evolving to provide even 
more impactful opportunities in the future.
MOHAWK   |   2024 IMPACT REPORT
OUR PROGRESSOUR PRACTICES
 38OUR PEOPLEOUR PLANETOUR PURPOSE APPENDIX

--- PAGE 40 ---

Joshua Hargis 
U.S. Army Sergeant (Ret.)
John Kremer 
U.S. Navy Petty Officer First Class (Ret.)
Joshua Geddis 
U.S. Navy Petty Officer First Class (Ret.)
Patrick Scrogin 
U.S. Army Chief Warrant Officer 2 (Ret.)
Helping Heroes R.I.S.E.
“Freedom and security are precious gifts 
that we, as Americans, should never take for 
granted. We must do all we can to extend our 
hand in times of need to those who willingly 
sacrifice each day to provide that freedom and 
security. While we can never do enough to 
show gratitude to our nation’s defenders, we 
can always do a little more.”
—  Gary Sinise  
Actor, advocate and philanthropist
Over the last several years, Dal-Tile has had 
the privilege of teaming up with a wonderful 
foundation dedicated to helping many of 
our nation’s most deserving heroes. The 
Gary Sinise Foundation’s R.I.S.E. (Restoring 
Independence Supporting Empowerment) 
program provides mortgage-free, specially 
adapted smart homes for severely wounded 
service members and first responders. Once 
again in 2024, Dal-Tile had the honor of 
donating tile for these homes. In each of the 
home builds, the heroes visited their nearest  
Dal-Tile showroom and selected the tile 
options for their forever home.  
The fully customizable homes make a 
tremendous difference in the lives of 
the men and women who have served, 
given so much on behalf of their country 
and continue to persevere against their 
physical challenges. It is a great feeling 
to see the joy these heroes experience 
when they see their new homes for the 
first time. Dal-Tile is very grateful for the 
opportunity to help honor and serve our 
heroes and their families. 
For more information on the Gary  
Sinise Foundation’s R.I.S.E. program, 
please visit: 
www.garysinisefoundation.org/rise
MOHAWK   |   2024 IMPACT REPORT
OUR PROGRESSOUR PRACTICES
 39OUR PEOPLEOUR PLANETOUR PURPOSE APPENDIX

--- PAGE 41 ---

At GRUPO DAL TILE, we are working 
today to build a better tomorrow. Our 
mission is to build strategies and 
projects that bring this vision to life.”
EUGENIO MARTINEZ SERNA
President and General Director
Grupo Daltile
2024 Highlights
• Green	Squared	recertification	at	San	Luis	Potosí,	Floor,	Wall,	Mosaics	 
and Large Unit Wall (LUW) plants
• Recognition of Logistic Area (Transportation) by local environmental authorities 
for outstanding results in the Clean Transportation Program
• Achieved particulate emissions 92% below the maximum permissible level, 
surpassing our 90% reduction goal
2024 At-a-Glance
Recertification	
of International 
Organization for 
Standardization 
(ISO) 14001
5 sites achieved 
Green Squared 
Certification
4 sites achieved a  
98% average waste-to-
landfill	diversion	rate
Our Brands
MOHAWK   |   2024 IMPACT REPORT
OUR PROGRESSOUR PRACTICES
 40OUR PEOPLEOUR PLANETOUR PURPOSE APPENDIX

--- PAGE 42 ---

Improved Air Quality
Enhancing Air Quality Through Innovation and Collaboration 
At our Wall and Floor plants, sustainability is at the core of our operations.  
In 2024, we took significant steps to improve air quality and reduce  
emissions, reinforcing our commitment to environmental care and  
operational excellence. 
• Particulate Emissions Technology—In 2024, we upgraded our dust 
collection systems with the installation of high-performance units at two key 
production sites. These advanced systems have significantly improved air 
quality, reducing dust particles by 35% at one location and 26% at the other. 
This progress was shared with local environmental authorities as part of our 
commitment to meeting and exceeding air quality standards. While these 
upgrades fulfill regulatory requirements, we remain focused on exploring 
new technologies to further reduce particulate emissions.
• Strengthening Environmental Relationships—Transparency and collaboration 
are key pillars of our environmental strategy. We strengthened our partnership 
with environmental authorities by submitting three daily particulate matter 
emission reports from both the Wall and Floor operations. This proactive 
approach ensures continuous monitoring and reinforces our commitment to 
open communication and compliance.
• Air Quality Improvement Excellence—Our dedication to particulate 
emissions reduction has yielded remarkable results. Recent assessments 
confirmed that our particulate emissions are 92% below the maximum 
permissible levels set by Mexican regulations, surpassing our ambitious 
goal of a 90% reduction. This achievement reflects our ongoing efforts to 
implement the best practices and technologies that prioritize 
 
environmental protection.
MOHAWK   |   2024 IMPACT REPORT
OUR PROGRESSOUR PRACTICES
 41OUR PEOPLEOUR PLANETOUR PURPOSE APPENDIX

--- PAGE 43 ---

Waste Diversion 
Advancing Sustainability Through Waste Diversion Excellence
At Grupo Daltile, sustainability is a fundamental part  
of our operational strategy. Our Zero Landfill Program 
demonstrates our unwavering commitment to environmental 
responsibility by significantly reducing waste and promoting 
resource optimization.
• Zero Landfill Program Success In 2024, our plants, including 
San Luis Potosí, Chihuahua, San José 1 and San José 2, 
achieved an outstanding average waste diversion rate of 98%, 
surpassing the initial target of 90%. Additionally, certified 
plants such as Wall, Floor, LUW, MACESA and Salamanca 
maintained an impressive 94% average waste diversion. 
• Leadership-Driven Waste Classification Operational 
leaders play a pivotal role in maintaining these achievements. 
During regular audits, leaders meticulously inspect waste 
classification processes to ensure proper segregation and 
compliance with sustainability protocols. 
• Ongoing Waste Reduction Initiatives We are constantly 
seeking new ways to reduce waste generation by enhancing 
product quality indicators at both green and fired stages. 
These efforts reflect our holistic approach to sustainability, 
combining innovation with environmental stewardship.
Through the Zero Landfill Program, Grupo Daltile reaffirms 
its commitment to a cleaner, more sustainable future for our 
communities and the planet.
MOHAWK   |   2024 IMPACT REPORT
OUR PROGRESSOUR PRACTICES
 42OUR PEOPLEOUR PLANETOUR PURPOSE APPENDIX

--- PAGE 44 ---

At Mohawk Brasil, sustainability is not 
an isolated concept but an ongoing 
commitment that shapes our decisions 
and drives our transformation.”
EDSON GAIDZINSKI JR. 
Director-President
Mohawk Brasil
2024 Achievements
• Modernized	manufacturing	with	lower-impact	technologies,	improving	efficiency	and	
productivity while reducing energy and water consumption
• Standardized	product	size	and	thickness	to	improve	manufacturing	efficiency,	reduce	
material waste and optimize transportation for a lower environmental impact across 
production and logistics chains
• Expanded employee training and the Potential Talents Program, focusing on improving 
the technical knowledge of our teams, and completed the 2024 cycle of the Leadership 
Academy Program for 200+ company leaders
• Consolidation of the Mohawk Brasil institution for the internal audience, focusing on 
spreading a unique culture of belonging to the company 
Renewable Energy 
as a Percent of Total 
Electricity Consumption
100%
2023
40.6%
2024
62.0%
Our Brands
MOHAWK   |   2024 IMPACT REPORT
OUR PROGRESSOUR PRACTICES
 43OUR PEOPLEOUR PLANETOUR PURPOSE APPENDIX

--- PAGE 45 ---

Our Initiatives
Redirecting Heat Reduces Natural Gas Usage
In the ceramic tile manufacturing process, the firing stage is 
essential to ensure properties such as mechanical strength  
and flatness of the tiles. During cooling, this process releases 
heat in the form of steam, which was previously released into 
the atmosphere.  
To reuse this heat, a 65.8-meter pipe was installed, transferring 
the steam from a furnace to the glue point machine dryer, which 
is used in the formation of ceramic mosaics by joining small 
pieces of tile with glue points. The recovered heat now supports 
the drying process, reducing natural gas consumption.  
The initiative led to both environmental and economic benefits: 
an average daily reduction in natural gas of 72% and a return on 
investment in just two months.
Innovation Through Materials Reduction
In 2024, our company consolidated a project to reduce the 
thickness of ceramic tiles, promoting innovation, sustainability 
and efficiency. The goal was to decrease the thickness of 
technical and glazed porcelain tiles without compromising 
mechanical strength and dimensional uniformity. This was 
achieved by reducing the thickness by an average of 1 mm 
across various formats, while ensuring full compliance with 
industry standards and quality requirements.  
The company´s industrial impacts included a reduction of 
38,055 tons in ceramic mass consumption, along with lower fuel 
consumption (-5%), packaging (-6.7%) and raw materials (-6.7%). 
The reduced product weight also improved transportation 
efficiency, lowered logistics costs and decreased overall 
environmental impact. Regarding social impact, the reduction 
benefited employees, installers and consumers by making 
tiles lighter and easier to handle, reducing physical effort and 
facilitating easier installation.
Significant Reduction of Industrial Waste 
In 2021, our company implemented a waste 
management initiative with the challenge of reducing 
finished product breakages (fired product breaks) by 
50%. This action led to a significant reduction in losses 
during the production process, improving operational 
efficiency and contributing to our sustainability goals. 
In 2024, finished product waste generation across 
multiple sites totaled 9,589 tons, while 15,644 tons were 
successfully reused. This resulted in a 6,055-ton reduction 
in stock, minimizing storage needs and lowering the 
environmental impact of materials handling. Since 2021, 
steady progress has been made, culminating in a 
milestone year where, for the first time, the company’s 
reuse rate exceeded waste generation—marking a 
significant breakthrough in waste management efforts.
MOHAWK   |   2024 IMPACT REPORT
OUR PROGRESSOUR PRACTICES
 44OUR PEOPLEOUR PLANETOUR PURPOSE APPENDIX

--- PAGE 46 ---

Our Initiatives on Circularity 
Closing the Cycle: Porcelain Waste Replaces 
Sand in Kilns
In 2020, our team identified that the sand 
used in the fluidized bed kilns contained 
iron contaminants, which caused defects in 
the porcelain, leading to production losses 
of up to 15%. To solve the issue, the sand 
used was replaced with crushed technical 
porcelain waste, which is more resistant to high 
temperatures and free from contaminants, 
creating a sustainable cycle aligned with the 
circular economy. 
In 2024, with the reduction in the production of 
technical porcelain, crushed glazed porcelain 
was used instead, yielding equivalent results. 
As for the process, after external crushing, 
the iron and other impurities are removed, 
ensuring the reduction of contamination and 
project rejects. This solution was extended to 
all kilns, becoming the standard at the site. The 
replacement reduced costs associated with the 
extraction, transportation and processing of 
virgin sand by 80%.
The initiative eliminated defects caused by 
contamination, increased supplier independence 
and reinforced environmentally responsible 
reuse, serving as an inspiration for other 
companies seeking to balance economic 
efficiency and environmental responsibility.
Circular Solutions Through  
Industry Partnership
In 2024, we launched a partnership with a 
local cement manufacturer to repurpose 
ceramic waste to enhance resource efficiency 
in cement production. This collaboration 
began with the disposal of “burnt scraps” and 
“raw scraps” from one of our sites in the state 
of Paraíba and later expanded to include 
additional facilities. 
By working together, we diverted 11,818 tons 
of ceramic waste from disposal, transforming 
it into a valuable resource for cement 
production. This initiative highlights how 
industry partnerships can drive innovative, 
sustainable solutions while reducing 
environmental impact.
Additionally, replacing traditional raw 
materials with ceramic waste in cement 
production reduces the extraction of 
natural resources and lowers CO2 emissions 
associated with cement manufacturing. 
A key aspect of this initiative is traceability. 
The disposal of ceramic waste is monitored 
and recorded through the National Solid 
Waste Management Information System, a 
Brazilian platform that allows for accurate and 
transparent tracking of the entire process, 
from generation to final disposal. This ensures 
compliance with environmental regulations 
and proper waste management, promoting 
the company’s environmental responsibility 
and trust.
MOHAWK   |   2024 IMPACT REPORT
OUR PROGRESSOUR PRACTICES
 45OUR PEOPLEOUR PLANETOUR PURPOSE APPENDIX

--- PAGE 47 ---

27 Years of Success of Our 
Improvement Program
GES: Empowering Teams, Driving Innovation
Established in 1997, the Groups of Study and 
Suggestions (GES) program fosters teamwork 
and innovation within the company. This 
initiative encourages employees from the 
same or related fields to voluntarily collaborate 
on observation, analysis and problem-solving 
activities. By harnessing creative potential and 
active participation, GES contributes to both 
individual and collective growth while driving 
organizational success.
The program’s projects span economic, social 
and environmental categories, reflecting 
its broad impact across various sectors. 
Over its 27-year history, GES has registered 
53,095 ideas, with 34,941 successfully 
implemented. In 2024 alone, 2,134 projects 
were executed, with 60% focused on economic 
improvements, 32% on social initiatives and 
8% on environmental efforts. With an average 
employee participation rate of 23%, the 
program continues to thrive, forming 88 teams 
dedicated to continuous improvement in 
processes, products and workplace dynamics.
Built on a foundation of innovation and self-
development, GES remains a testament to the 
power of collaboration in driving meaningful 
and sustainable progress.
Celebration of the Year's Highlighted Projects
Annually, GES celebrates, together with the teams, employees and managers, all the ideas 
brought forward during the year and awards the teams whose ideas stood out in each 
category: Social, Environmental and Economic.
In the Social category, we launched a 
project that streamlined the replacement 
of damaged rollers in ceramic kilns, 
reducing physical strain and improving 
safety. It eliminated process failures, cut 
waste by 31 kg per month and reduced 
the need for new rollers. The initiative 
also minimized accident risks and 
employee exposure to high temperatures. 
In the Environmental category, a 
project reduced the use of straps in 
palletizing, eliminating 960 kg of straps 
per year while maintaining service 
quality. It also increased productivity 
by 12.6% and allowed for the use of 
recycled materials. 
In the Economic category, a project 
improved the measurement of ceramic 
surface roughness, making the process 
more efficient. This enhanced product 
quality, reduced control time and 
optimized raw material use.
2,134
GES projects executed 
in 2024
MOHAWK   |   2024 IMPACT REPORT
OUR PROGRESSOUR PRACTICES
 46OUR PEOPLEOUR PLANETOUR PURPOSE APPENDIX

--- PAGE 48 ---

Rio Grande do Sul—Support for a New Beginning: A Reconstruction with Solidarity
More than 800,000 people had their homes directly affected by the floods and landslides that struck the state of Rio Grande do Sul, Brazil, in 
20241. However, solidarity grows stronger in the most challenging moments. In response to the devastating floods, Mohawk Brasil mobilized to 
support the recovery of essential spaces by donating ceramic tiles and other resources to institutions assisting those affected by the disasters. 
More than just construction materials, each donation represents a step toward rebuilding homes, schools and shelters, restoring dignity and hope 
for a new beginning.
1According to the Institute for Applied Economic Research. 
Rebuilding Hope Through Donations
A total of 150,000 m² of ceramic tiles were 
donated to the Instituto Leroy Merlin, enabling 
various institutions to receive materials for 
rebuilding homes and community spaces, 
providing greater safety and comfort for 
affected families.
Additionally, in the city of Eldorado do Sul,  
La Hire Guerra Municipal School, which serves 
elementary school students and the Youth and 
Adult Education program, had its activities 
interrupted due to the damage caused by the 
floods. To support the resumption of classes, 
we donated 300 m² of vinyl flooring, ensuring a 
suitable environment for teachers and students 
to return.
Structures for Emergency Assistance
Understanding the urgent need for shelter 
infrastructure, we also donated 10 modular 
portable restrooms to the Social Assistance 
Department of the State of Rio Grande do 
Sul. Unlike traditional models, these modular 
restrooms are more robust, equipped with 
showers and sinks, easily transportable and 
can be assembled in different locations, 
providing more dignified sanitary conditions 
for those displaced.
Internal Mobilization: The Impact of  
the Solidarity Campaign
Mohawk Brasil’s commitment to supporting 
flood victims also engaged our employees 
through the GES Program, which has been 
encouraging social, environmental and 
economic impact initiatives for 27 years. Our 
Solidarity Campaign collected 1,174 kg of 
non-perishable food items, with an additional 
2,347 kg contributed by the company, totaling 
3,521 kg of donations. The donations were 
primarily directed to employees in vulnerable 
situations and later distributed to institutions 
supporting families affected in communities 
near our manufacturing units. In addition to 
food, clothing and warm garments were also 
collected and distributed to help families face 
the region’s harsh winter.
Commitment to Reconstruction
More than just responding to an emergency, 
Mohawk Brasil reinforces its commitment to 
actively contribute to the rebuilding of Rio 
Grande do Sul. Each donation represents 
a step toward a fresh start for thousands of 
people whose lives were impacted by the 
floods, reaffirming that, together, we can build 
a stronger and more welcoming future.
MOHAWK   |   2024 IMPACT REPORT
OUR PROGRESSOUR PRACTICES
 47OUR PEOPLEOUR PLANETOUR PURPOSE APPENDIX

--- PAGE 49 ---

 Photo by Allan Vierne
Achievements At-a-Glance Award BrandsBoard of Directors
CommunityCircularityChecklist
Calendar
Certification Cyber Security
Carpet TilesCarpet Ceramic Tile
Employees Energy ESG CouncilEducation
Global Governance HomeHighlightsHealth/Well-Being Innovation Insulation Panels Location LVT
Manufacturing People/Planet Council Planet/Climate PlantingParticleboard Premium LaminatePorcelain Slabs Quartz Countertops Recycled Material
Sheet Vinyl Stone SlabsSafety Supply ChainSolar Training Transportation Trees Water
Wind Work Environment
Rio Grande do Sul—Ensuring Stability: 
Financial and Emergency Measures 
for Employees
In challenging times, financial security 
becomes essential for employees’  
well-being. Aware of this, Mohawk Brasil 
implemented emergency measures due  
to the floods in Rio Grande do Sul in 
2024, to ensure the necessary support 
and provide stability to our team.
To support our employees during this 
challenging time, we provided financial 
relief through early wage disbursements, 
flexible repayment options and income 
stability measures. These efforts ensured 
immediate assistance for emergencies 
and long-term security for affected 
employees and their families.
By prioritizing financial and emotional 
well-being, we reinforced our 
commitment to our team’s stability and 
the continuity of operations. This support 
helped maintain motivation, reduce 
absenteeism and strengthen resilience 
across our workforce.
360° Training: Investing in the  
Development of All Employees
At Mohawk Brasil, we believe that the 
development of our employees is essential 
for the company’s growth. Our commitment 
to training encompasses everything from 
the development of strategic leaders to 
the preparation of young talent and the 
recognition of the performance of frontline 
professionals. In 2024, we consolidated 
training programs that catered to different 
audiences, promoting a journey of continuous, 
inclusive learning focused on excellence.
In 2024, we extended our commitment to 
development to all employees, as demonstrated 
by the Development Pathway for Sector 
Operators. Focusing on improving interpersonal 
skills, teamwork and effective communication, 
the program trained 175 employees from 
different company units between July and 
November 2024. This initiative involved a total 
of 2,500 hours of training, divided into five 
modules, combining in-person workshops and 
asynchronous content on the e-Voluir platform, 
an internal space for training and content for 
employees. The goal was to support factory 
floor management, improve interpersonal 
relationships and strengthen cooperation 
among teams. By providing 20 hours of training 
for each employee, the pathway not only 
contributed to day-to-day performance but 
also strengthened the integration of the entire 
team, aligning individual objectives with the 
company’s goals. 
This project represents only the beginning 
of an ongoing commitment to development. 
The success of this first stage paves the 
way for further expanding this training, 
reaching a larger number of employees and 
enhancing results. It is a journey that begins 
with the expectation of continuing to offer 
development opportunities that positively 
impact the performance of everyone on the 
factory floor and beyond.
The 360° Race: Incentive to  
Well-Being and Integration
An active lifestyle helps prevent disease, 
reduce stress and improve well-being. With 
this view, Mohawk Brasil held, in November 
2024, the third edition of the 360° Race, an 
initiative of the Health 360° Program. More 
than a sporting event, the race encourages 
healthy habits, strengthens ties and generates 
social impact. With 5 km and 10 km routes, the 
event gathered about 600 participants and, 
for the first time, included family members 
of employees, also expanding the range to 
Paraíba, Rio Grande do Norte, Bahia and 
Santa Catarina.
Under the motto 
“Running transforms my 
day,” the event reinforced the physical and 
emotional benefits of exercise. In addition, 
for every person that registered for the event, 
we donated a toy for children in vulnerable 
situations, uniting well-being and solidarity.
With a record number of participants and the 
expansion to new locations, the 360° Race has 
established itself as one of Mohawk Brasil’s main 
quality of life programs, reinforcing a culture  
of self-care and our commitment to human 
development inside and outside the company.
MOHAWK   |   2024 IMPACT REPORT
OUR PROGRESSOUR PRACTICES
 48OUR PEOPLEOUR PLANETOUR PURPOSE APPENDIX

--- PAGE 50 ---

Flooring North America
MOHAWK   |   2024 IMPACT REPORT
OUR PROGRESSOUR PRACTICES
 49OUR PEOPLEOUR PLANETOUR PURPOSE APPENDIX

--- PAGE 51 ---

Mohawk is not only recognized for 
innovation and design excellence but also 
for the trust we earn from customers who 
want beautiful, durable floors that align with 
their values. Mohawk’s integrated approach 
to environmental and social responsibility 
ensures we’re not only meeting the moment 
but setting the pace for the industry’s future.”
KELLI WIDDIFIELD
Senior Vice President, Marketing
2024 Achievements
• Green Builder Media—2024 Eco-Leader 
• Floor Covering Weekly GreenStep Practices and Processes Award—Continuum Process 
• Floor Covering Weekly GreenStep Pinnacle Award: Honoree—Plastic Bank Partnership 
• Floor Covering Weekly GreenStep People Award: Honoree—”More With Mohawk” 
• TIARA Talent Acquisition Awards—Employer Brand Award 
2024 Business Highlights
50+
domestic 
manufacturing plants
132,000+
trees planted
65+
career fairs and 
recruiting events
Our Brands
MOHAWK   |   2024 IMPACT REPORT
OUR PROGRESSOUR PRACTICES
 50OUR PEOPLEOUR PLANETOUR PURPOSE APPENDIX

--- PAGE 52 ---

Product Highlights
SolidTech® R
SolidTech R delivers high-performance flooring 
made with recycled, single-use plastics and 
natural stone. This waterproof, PVC-free 
resilient floor offers three times greater scratch 
resistance and requires zero acclimation, all 
while containing the equivalent of 20 plastic 
water bottles per square foot.
1
EverStrand® & PETPremier®
EverStrand and PETPremier leverage our 
proprietary Continuum™  process that converts 
landfill-bound plastic bottles into high-value 
fiber, with 1 square yard containing up to  
63 plastic bottles.1 These sustainable collections 
provide superior stain resistance, durability 
and softness for active homes.
1 Calculated using a standard 16.9 oz water bottle. Actual amount of recycled PET varies depending on product type and style.
SmartCushion®
SmartCushion, like many of our other carpet 
pads, is made from 90% recycled content and 
contains a hypoallergenic vapor barrier that 
helps reduce potential for mold or mildew 
formation. Mohawk is proud to be a sponsor 
of Susan G. Komen, and every SmartCushion 
purchase helps in the fight for a cure. 
Continuum at Its Core
We believe sustainability should never 
mean sacrificing quality. That’s why we 
created Continuum—a process that 
transforms billions of plastic bottles 
into durable, high-performance carpet 
fiber. Instead of ending up in landfills, 
those bottles receive a second life as 
beautifully crafted flooring. 
As a process in our Summerville, 
Georgia, facility, Continuum is designed 
to deliver a cleaner fiber, cleaner 
process and cleaner planet. By using 
a superior PET polymer and leading-
edge manufacturing, we remove the 
oily lubricants that can make other PET 
carpets look dull over time. The result? 
A longer-lasting carpet that stays vibrant 
for years. With Continuum, you don’t 
have to choose between sustainability 
and performance—you get both.
MOHAWK   |   2024 IMPACT REPORT
OUR PROGRESSOUR PRACTICES
 51OUR PEOPLEOUR PLANETOUR PURPOSE APPENDIX

--- PAGE 53 ---

ReCover More with Mohawk
In 2024, we took a big step forward with Mohawk’s ReCover program, 
expanding it to include nearly all types of residential flooring—both soft and 
hard surfaces. But with growth came challenges. Logistics and infrastructure 
hurdles made it difficult to roll out ReCover effectively to retailers nationwide. 
To tackle this challenge, we teamed up with a large midwestern retailer to 
launch a ReCover residential flooring pilot project. Together, we kept over 
400,000 pounds of broadloom carpet out of landfills in the four months after 
the pilot program kicked off on August 31. Instead of being discarded, this 
recovered material is receiving a second life as an additive for reinforcing 
concrete, while other materials are being repurposed into injection-molded 
car parts. This results in less waste in landfills and more innovative solutions 
for a circular future.
164% increase
in recovered material1
113% increase
in recycling partners across 
North America1
1Compared to 2023. 
MOHAWK   |   2024 IMPACT REPORT
OUR PROGRESSOUR PRACTICES
 52OUR PEOPLEOUR PLANETOUR PURPOSE APPENDIX

--- PAGE 54 ---

Partners for Greater Impact
We continue to expand our commitment to the environment and the communities in which we live and operate 
by partnering with local, regional and global nonprofits. By building strong, lasting partnerships, we increase the 
effectiveness of our efforts and impact we have beyond the flooring industry.  
One Tree Planted®
In 2024, Mohawk partnered with One Tree Planted for 
the second year, and together we planted 132,000 trees 
throughout the Southeastern United States. Mohawk also 
hosted employee and community tree plantings alongside 
One Tree Planted.  
Plastic Bank®
Plastic Bank empowers communities to collect and 
repurpose ocean-bound plastics, turning waste into 
economic opportunity. In 2024, Mohawk enabled the 
removal of over 1 million pounds of plastic, preventing 
 
it from entering the world's oceans.  
Susan G. Komen®
For more than 24 years, Mohawk has proudly served as the 
official flooring sponsor of the Susan G. Komen organization. 
We’re dedicated to making a difference in the fight against 
breast cancer by contributing a portion of proceeds from 
every SmartCushion carpet pad purchase to Susan G. Komen 
through our Decorate for the Cure™  program. Mohawk's 
commitment to Komen goes the extra mile by volunteering 
at the national Komen 3-Day
® events and providing 
SmartCushion for walkers to rest on during lunch stops.  
In 2024, all donated carpet pad was returned to our 
facilities and recycled into new SmartCushion. 
MOHAWK   |   2024 IMPACT REPORT
OUR PROGRESSOUR PRACTICES
 53OUR PEOPLEOUR PLANETOUR PURPOSE APPENDIX

--- PAGE 55 ---

Performance-Driven Workforce
Many of our Flooring North America (FNA)
operations are based in small communities 
where competition for skilled labor is high. 
That’s why we’re committed to not only 
recruiting top talent but also investing in their 
long-term professional development within 
Mohawk. Our internship program is one of the 
most effective ways we introduce new talent 
into our business, giving participants hands-on 
experience and meaningful connections with 
leaders across the organization. In 2024, FNA 
welcomed approximately 136 interns, with 34% 
securing permanent positions at Mohawk. 
Our university recruiting team plays a vital  
role in helping students explore career paths, 
attending around 35 career fairs annually  
and engaging with students at more than  
30 additional events. 
Another key initiative, the Work-Based Learning 
Program, gives high school juniors and seniors 
valuable work experience while they complete 
their primary education. In the program's 
second consecutive year, 60 students worked 
at Mohawk facilities during the school year 
and summer break, in various departments, 
such as Marketing, Customer Experience, IT 
and Engineering. 
Our Pre-Apprenticeship Program offers a 
summer rotational experience for students 
interested in technical roles providing a 
pathway to apprentice with our Engineering 
Department in Dalton, Georgia. Additionally, 
the FNA team hosted Future Leadership 
Week, a week-long job shadow program 
for rising high school seniors and college 
freshmen, allowing them to gain firsthand 
experience with leaders in their chosen fields. 
These programs have earned Mohawk local 
and state recognition for its strong partnerships 
with schools to address the growing demand 
for skilled manufacturing employees. 
Developing Top-Tier Talent  
In the U.S., we offer four tiers of development 
programs—from entry-level professionals to 
senior management. 
Designed for recent college graduates 
who demonstrate exceptional potential 
in organizational leadership and sales 
development. In 2024, we brought on 
 
20 Aspire candidates. 
Tailored for ambitious frontline and 
manufacturing leaders who exhibit high 
potential for growth and advancement. From 
455 graduates at its launch in 2021, the program 
has grown to 755 participants in 2024. 
Geared toward mid-level leaders in crucial 
roles who have the potential to make 
substantial business impacts. From 2020, we 
have maintained a 90% retention rate and 61% 
promotion rate for participants in the program.
Aimed at seasoned leaders, equipping them 
with the tools and strategies to inspire their 
teams and drive meaningful change. 
Commitment to World-Class Safety
Mohawk continues to strengthen 
workplace safety through its multi-
faceted initiatives, including the 
Safety Management System (SMS), 
the Tip Top Shop challenge and the 
PIT/Ped certification program. SMS 
provides a structured path to safety 
excellence, guiding facilities from 
basic compliance to a culture of 
continuous improvement, innovation 
and leadership-driven accountability. 
Alongside SMS, the Tip Top Shop 
challenge promotes organization and 
cleanliness in maintenance areas, 
while the PIT/Ped certification ensures 
high-risk areas for powered industrial 
trucks and pedestrians are proactively 
safeguarded. These programs not only 
protect employees but also reflect 
Mohawk’s broader commitment to 
responsible business practices—
fostering a safer, more efficient and 
people-centered workplace.
MOHAWK   |   2024 IMPACT REPORT
OUR PROGRESSOUR PRACTICES
 54OUR PEOPLEOUR PLANETOUR PURPOSE APPENDIX

--- PAGE 56 ---

At Mohawk Group, we believe 
sustainability is our responsibility. 
Through innovation, transparency  
and a culture of care, we’re designing 
products that give back—to people, 
communities and the planet.”
JACKIE DETTMAR
Vice President, Marketing,  
Design & Product Development,
Mohawk Group
2024 Highlights
• All Mohawk Group products are “Beyond Carbon Neutral,” with a 5% additional 
carbon offset beyond our emissions, reinforcing our commitment to a net-positive 
impact on the environment
1
• Our ReCover Program grew over 164%, based on recycled weight, in 2024, increasing 
the	amount	of	end-of-life	flooring	materials	repurposed	into	products	for	new	markets	
and industries
• Over 20 new product launches in 2024 met Gensler Product Standards
• Our patented Color Pulse™ 	fiber	technology	saved	over	5.3	million	cups	of	water	in	
2024, nearly eliminating water usage during the dyeing process
1 See Carbon Substantiation.
2024 At-a-Glance
4
locations  
LEED	Certified
19 
showrooms  
worldwide
35 
new product 
launches
At Mohawk Group, care is more than a value—it’s a practice 
embedded in everything we do. From designing for human 
well-being to regenerating the planet, our Culture of Care 
fosters empathy, resilience and restoration. We believe 
sustainability and care go hand in hand—supporting people, 
place and planet through design that heals, connects and 
empowers communities to thrive.
MOHAWK   |   2024 IMPACT REPORT
OUR PROGRESSOUR PRACTICES
 55OUR PEOPLEOUR PLANETOUR PURPOSE APPENDIX

--- PAGE 57 ---

Better for the Planet
Beyond Carbon Neutral
At Mohawk Group, we create flooring solutions that 
not only enhance spaces but also safeguard the 
planet for future generations. All our products are 
Beyond Carbon Neutral, meaning the environmental 
“handprint” of each product outweighs its carbon 
“footprint” over its life cycle. We reduce greenhouse 
gas (GHG) emissions across operations—including 
energy, transportation and waste—and offset the 
remainder through credible third-party carbon 
projects. Offset project details can be found in our 
Carbon Disclosures and Substantiation. 
Beyond Water Neutral
Beyond reducing our water footprint, Mohawk 
Group is committed to restoring and protecting this 
vital resource. Through advanced technologies like 
Color Pulse™ —which uses zero water in the dyeing 
process—and Duracolor® fiber systems, we’ve 
significantly reduced water usage in manufacturing. 
Combined with strategic partnerships and restoration 
efforts, these initiatives contribute to our goal of 
going Beyond Water Neutral—creating a measurable 
positive water impact in communities and ecosystems 
facing water stress. 
A Second Life Through ReCover
Mohawk Group’s ReCover Recycling Program is 
an award-winning flooring recycling program that, 
since 2006, has diverted over 160 million pounds 
 
of flooring from landfills. And we don’t just accept 
Mohawk flooring; we accept flooring from any 
manufacturer. We do this because we Believe in 
Better. Life-cycle thinking is part of our commitment 
to product circularity. Product end-of-life is important 
to reduce environmental impacts. Recycling flooring 
helps us keep valuable materials out of landfills and 
find a second life.
Transparency Through Certifications
Certifications play a crucial role in enhancing 
transparency by providing consumers with verified 
assurances that products meet established quality 
and safety standards. Investing in certifications 
demonstrates our commitment to accountability 
and helps build trust with consumers, ultimately 
strengthening brand credibility.
Awards and Recognition
Interior Design HIP Award—Environmental Impact: 
Pathmakers
Metropolis Planet Positive: Pathmakers
Metropolis Likes Award: Shape Theory
Interior Design Best of Year Honoree for  
Commercial Carpet Tile: Shape Theory
Interior Design Best of Year Honoree for Reissue:  
Hot & Heavy II
Interior Design Best of Year Honoree for Broadloom: 
Rebloom
i+s Product Innovation Award—Textiles, Surfaces, 
Composites: Shape Theory 
Spaces4Learnings—New Product of the Year 2024—
Silver Award: Shape Theory
MOHAWK   |   2024 IMPACT REPORT
OUR PROGRESSOUR PRACTICES
 56OUR PEOPLEOUR PLANETOUR PURPOSE APPENDIX

--- PAGE 58 ---

Product Highlights
 At Mohawk Group, we recognize that exceptional design must go hand in hand with environmental 
responsibility. Our latest collections—Fractal Findings, connectD 2.5 | 5.0 and Pathmakers—
exemplify this commitment by integrating biophilic design principles with rigorous sustainability 
standards. Each collection has achieved Living Product Challenge Petal Certification, representing 
a net-positive impact on both carbon and water resources. Additionally, these products are Red 
List Free, promoting healthier indoor air quality. By specifying these collections, designers can 
create inspiring spaces that not only enhance well-being but also contribute positively to our 
planet's health.
Fractal Collections: 
Relaxing Floors, Fractal Fluency, Fractal Findings,  
and Hot & Heavy II: connectD 2.5 | 5.0
Found in everything from snowflakes to coastlines, 
fractals are repeating patterns that occur 
throughout our natural world. Human beings are 
fluent at perceiving fractals in nature and receiving 
their physiological benefits. In collaboration with 
13&9 Design and Dr. Richard Taylor of Fractals 
Research, Mohawk Group has harnessed the 
power of fractal design to create spaces that 
promote well-being and productivity. Dr. Taylor’s 
research has shown that fractal patterns can 
significantly reduce stress by up to 60% and 
improve cognitive function. By incorporating 
mid-D value fractal patterns into flooring, Mohawk 
Group has created carpet and hard surface 
collections that promote relaxation and enhance 
overall well-being. This science-design approach 
adapts these fractal patterns for human-centered 
built environments to reconnect people to nature.
Pathmakers
How can design nurture a culture of care? To 
begin answering this question, we looked 
deeply into the world around us, discovering 
and exploring the systems of care we found  
in nature.
With Pathmakers, we drew inspiration from 
bees, whose paths of pollination help sustain 
all life. The collection creates nurturing paths 
of connection between people, the built 
environment and our natural world. Influenced 
by hive structure and the daily journeys of 
bees, Pathmakers carpet planks are designed 
to support multifaceted communities, utilizing 
materials and methods that do more to care 
for our planet. Two styles in this collection, 
Concrete Bloom and Pollinator Path, draw 
inspiration from beehives to help us build a 
culture of care in active space.
MOHAWK   |   2024 IMPACT REPORT
OUR PROGRESSOUR PRACTICES
 57OUR PEOPLEOUR PLANETOUR PURPOSE APPENDIX

--- PAGE 59 ---

From Top: Connie Avery, “Matsutake”; Michael  
Van Huffel, “Village”; Lindsey Holcomb, 
“Above | Below”; Yvette, “Organic.”
Better Together
Water.org
Mohawk Group is proud to partner with 
Water.org to empower people by providing 
access to safe water and sanitation. By 2030, 
Mohawk Group’s partnership with Water.org 
will give 75,000 people lasting access to safe 
water, providing 275 million gallons of water 
in areas experiencing scarcity and drought, 
and mobilizing $2 million toward household 
solutions for people in need. 
Through this partnership alone, Mohawk 
Group has helped generate a volumetric 
water benefit of 64,110,878 gallons—
supporting communities facing water scarcity 
and advancing our commitment to global 
water stewardship.
ArtLifting
In supporting ArtLifting's mission to champion artists of diverse backgrounds, we are making a 
statement that all people matter. In selecting an ArtLifting pattern, architects and designers are 
maximizing the good that their work is doing, for the communities within their space and beyond.
By partnering with leaders in human-centered design, we are developing products that improve 
the world and enhance quality of life for everyone. Our collaboration with ArtLifting accentuates 
our commitment to better.
Together, we are empowering artists to create carpet and flooring collections manufactured and 
sold by Mohawk Group. Each artist is valued for their participation, respected for their diversity 
and compensated for their work.
As part of Mohawk Group's Better Together Initiative, the Mycotopia and Chromatic Cadence 
commercial collections merge diverse artistic styles to celebrate the beauty of shared visual arts. 
Commissioned by artists Connie Avery and Yvette from the ArtLifting community, this soft surface 
collection embodies collaborative work.
MOHAWK   |   2024 IMPACT REPORT
OUR PROGRESSOUR PRACTICES
 58OUR PEOPLEOUR PLANETOUR PURPOSE APPENDIX

--- PAGE 60 ---

Tunnel to Towers Foundation
Mohawk Group is proud to support those who 
have dedicated their lives to serving others. In 
2024, as part of our Hot & Heavy II campaign, 
we partnered with the Tunnel to Towers 
Foundation, a national nonprofit organization 
dedicated to providing critical assistance 
to first responders, military personnel and 
Gold Star families. Through this initiative, we 
have made it our mission to help ensure that 
those who have sacrificed for our country 
and communities receive the support and 
recognition they deserve.
The Tunnel to Towers Foundation works with 
injured veterans and families of fallen heroes 
to build mortgage-free homes, offering a 
lifeline to those who have given so much. 
Through this new partnership, we’ve been 
able to directly support these families, helping 
them focus on healing and rebuilding their 
lives. Each home represents not only a fresh 
start but also a powerful symbol of gratitude 
for those who have served our country. It is 
our privilege to play a part in providing these 
heroes with the stability and peace of mind 
they deserve.
The Hot & Heavy II campaign is a testament to 
Mohawk Group’s unwavering support for those 
who have given everything for their country. By 
working with the Tunnel to Towers Foundation, 
we honor, support and uplift our veterans, first 
responders and Gold Star families.
Susan G. Komen
In 2024, Mohawk Group continued to expand 
our long-standing “Specify for a Cure” program, 
which has raised over $9 million for breast 
cancer research and awareness since its launch 
in 2001. 
Through the “Specify for a Cure” program, we 
engage architects, designers and builders to 
turn their projects into opportunities to make a 
difference. When they specify at least 500 square 
yards of eligible Mohawk Group carpet collections 
or Durkan precision dye injection carpets, 
Mohawk Group donates $.15 for every square 
yard sold. This initiative ensures that each project 
not only meets functional and aesthetic needs 
but also contributes to advancing breast cancer 
research while providing resources and support 
for those in need. This collaboration aligns with our core 
values of giving back and supporting the 
communities we come from. By working 
alongside our partners in the architecture 
and design fields, we’re able to help create 
healthier communities and contribute to 
critical research that has the potential to save 
lives. The impact of the program goes beyond 
the sale of flooring—it represents a collective 
effort to make a lasting difference in the fight 
against breast cancer, one project at a time. As 
we continue this partnership, we remain proud 
to play a part in advancing Susan G. Komen’s 
mission and improving the lives of those 
battling breast cancer.
MOHAWK   |   2024 IMPACT REPORT
OUR PROGRESSOUR PRACTICES
 59OUR PEOPLEOUR PLANETOUR PURPOSE APPENDIX

--- PAGE 61 ---

Flooring Rest of the World
MOHAWK   |   2024 IMPACT REPORT
OUR PROGRESSOUR PRACTICES
 60OUR PEOPLEOUR PLANETOUR PURPOSE APPENDIX

--- PAGE 62 ---

1  EMEA (Europe, the Middle East and Africa), APAC (Asia Pacific) and 
LatAm (Latin America).
Sustainability is at the core of everything 
we do at Unilin. It’s how we create 
value, build a future-proof business  
and contribute to a better world.”
WIM MESSIAEN
President, Flooring Rest of the World, 
Unilin
2024 Highlights
• 64% of our energy demand was met with renewables, up from 57% in 2020, including 
five	acquisitions	during	this	time	period	
• 95% of the wood in our chipboards is recycled
• C2C	v4.0	bronze	for	our	high-pressure	laminate	(HPL)	decorative	panels	(first	in	the	
world) and chipboards 
• Laureates of the Belgian Changemakers award, for companies shaping the future with 
sustainable solutions 
• Decline	in	frequency	rate	of	accidents	for	the	fifth	consecutive	year
2024 Unilin At-a-Glance
1
13
countries with 
production
35
production  
plants
7, 8 67
employees
 6,083
 EMEA
 1,784 
 APAC + LatAm
Our Brands
MOHAWK   |   2024 IMPACT REPORT
OUR PROGRESSOUR PRACTICES
 61OUR PEOPLEOUR PLANETOUR PURPOSE APPENDIX

--- PAGE 63 ---

ESG AT MOHAWK INDUSTRIES
One Home
Aligning Sustainability and Our Business
At Unilin, sustainability is our top priority. Since our founding in 
1960, circularity has been part of our DNA. In fact, reusing materials 
is at the heart of our history. Today, we still regard the challenges of 
sustainability as opportunities. 
With One Home, we want to take responsibility and do our part to 
tackle the global challenges of climate change. One Home works  
on three levels:  
Planet Home
to improve our 
environmental  
impact
Your Home
to help our  
customers build 
sustainable spaces 
Our Home
creating a safe and 
stimulating work 
environment for our 
employees
MOHAWK   |   2024 IMPACT REPORT
OUR PROGRESSOUR PRACTICES
 62OUR PEOPLEOUR PLANETOUR PURPOSE APPENDIX

--- PAGE 64 ---

Planet Home 
As part of our sustainability strategy, the Planet Home 
pillar groups our environmental efforts focused on 
climate change and circularity. We are committed to 
supporting the global transition to more sustainable 
products and production systems by reducing fossil 
fuel use, lowering the life-cycle carbon footprint of our 
products and improving their recyclability. 
Science-Based Targets to Guide Our Efforts
To align our GHG-reduction targets with climate science, 
we follow the guidelines of the independent Science 
Based Targets initiative (SBTi). This ensures our efforts 
are ambitious, effective and in line with global goals to 
combat climate change, reinforcing our commitment to 
a sustainable future. 
Energy Management  
More than half of our sites are 
ISO 14001 certified, demonstrating 
our commitment to effective 
environmental management. 
Over 80% of our energy use  
takes place in production 
plants with ISO 50001, EBO 
or Convention Carbon energy 
management systems. 
MOHAWK   |   2024 IMPACT REPORT
OUR PROGRESSOUR PRACTICES
 63OUR PEOPLEOUR PLANETOUR PURPOSE APPENDIX

--- PAGE 65 ---

Scope 1 and 2
Target
By 2030, we will reduce our direct (Scope 1) and 
energy-related indirect (Scope 2) emissions by at 
least 42% compared to our 2020 baseline. 
This target, which was validated by the SBTi 
as 1.5°C aligned, is absolute, meaning that 
regardless of organic growth, we want to emit 
42% less GHGs by 2030. 
Emissions associated with companies acquired 
after 2020 will be reduced at the same rate of 
4.2% per year from acquisition until 2030. 
2024 Progress 
In 2024, we met 64% of our energy demand with 
renewables (27% for electricity and 73% for heat), 
up from 57% in 2020. This includes the acquisition 
of five businesses during this time period.
We increased our energy use by 8% but our 
carbon footprint was reduced by 1% compared 
to 2023. The main contributors to our carbon 
footprint were grey grid power (44%) and natural 
gas (25%). 
We are on track to meet our science-based target 
of reducing Scope 1 and 2 emissions by 42% by 
2030, compared to 2020.
1
Scope 1 and 2 Carbon Footprint Compared to Our Reduction Target1
Emissions (metric tons CO2e/year)
1 See Carbon Substantiation.
Linear TargetPlanned EmissionsBaseline AdjustedScope 1&2
20302029202820272026202520242023202220212020
Year
Baseline adjusted for acquisitionsScope 1 and 2 emissions
Planned emissions Linear reduction target
2030 '29 '28 '27 '26 '25 '24 '23 '22 '21 20200
50,000
100,000
150,000
200,000
250,000
Renewable Energy at Work
Two waste-to-energy plants 
A&U in Wielsbeke, Belgium 
Supplied more than 68,000 MWh of green 
electricity and over 37,000 MWh of green heat 
to our chipboard factory, covering 85% of the 
factory’s electricity demand and, together with 
on-site wood-dust burners, covering 87% of 
the factory’s thermal energy demand in 2024.
A&S in Oostrozebeke, Belgium  
Supplied more than 75,000 MWh of green 
electricity to our chipboard factory, covering 
94% of the factory’s electricity demand in 2024. 
Five wind turbines 
Three in Avelgem, Belgium 
Supplied more than 9,500 MWh of renewable 
power to our vinyl flooring factory, covering 
15% of the factory’s electricity demand in 2024. 
Two in Feluy, Belgium  
Supplied more than 2,000 MWh of renewable 
power to our insulation factory, covering 61% 
of the factory’s electricity demand in 2024. 
35,000+ solar panels 
Our solar panels operate at a combined 
capacity of 21.7 MW peak, spread over  
seven countries.
MOHAWK   |   2024 IMPACT REPORT
OUR PROGRESSOUR PRACTICES
 64OUR PEOPLEOUR PLANETOUR PURPOSE APPENDIX

--- PAGE 66 ---

Scope 3
Target
By 2030, we aim to reduce our absolute Scope 3  
emissions, those linked to our raw materials 
and the end-of-life treatment of our products, 
by 12.3% compared to our 2020 baseline.
2024 Progress 
Prioritizing renewable and recycled resources, 
our raw material choices significantly shape 
our environmental footprint, influencing both 
emissions and resource use. We achieved a 
strong reduction in our Scope 3 emissions 
in 2024, driven by a combination of strategic 
initiatives and evolving market dynamics. We 
made meaningful progress in improving the 
carbon footprint of several products. At the 
same time, slower demand for some of our 
products led to reduced production, which in 
turn contributed to a decrease in emissions. 
Looking ahead, we continue to invest in R&D 
with a focus on circularity. Our efforts aim to 
reduce the use of virgin, non-renewable raw 
materials and improve end-of-life recyclability, 
to further reduce the carbon footprint of  
our products.
Scope 3 Carbon Footprint Compared to Our Reduction Target
Carbon emissions (metric tons CO2e/year)
Scope 3 emissions Baseline adjusted for acquisitions
Linear reduction target
Year
2030 '29 '28 '27 '26 '25 '24 '23 '22 '21 2020
0
1,000,000
500,000
1,500,000
2,000,000
2,500,000
3,000,000
3,500,000
4,000,000
MOHAWK   |   2024 IMPACT REPORT
OUR PROGRESSOUR PRACTICES
 65OUR PEOPLEOUR PLANETOUR PURPOSE APPENDIX

--- PAGE 67 ---

Our Most Important Resource: Wood
Wood is the main resource for our chipboards, 
MDF boards, laminate floors, multi-layer 
parquet and Clicwall panels. As a sustainable, 
renewable material, we use wood responsibly 
to ensure its long-term availability. Our mission 
is to keep wood in circulation for as long 
as possible. Every reuse prevents CO2 from 
entering the atmosphere, which is why we 
focus on recycling, giving wood a second,  
third and up to a seventh life. 
For example, we invested €20 million in 
2024 to scale up Osiris, our world-first MDF 
recycling technology, allowing us to recover 
even more wood fiber for reuse.
We source our wood responsibly, using 38% 
recycled wood, along with certified wood 
(33%), helping to protect forests for the future.
Tonnes of Materials Recovered in 2024
0
5,000
10,000
15,000
20,000
25,000
Chipboards MDF
LVT PIR
Strengthening Our  
Take-Back Programs
To keep more materials in the loop, we 
are expanding our take-back programs 
to encompass more product types. 
Building on our success with wood 
recycling, we are working with partners 
and clients to collect and reuse more 
raw materials, including chipboards, 
MDF boards, vinyl floors and PIR 
insulation boards. 
These programs are growing, particularly 
in Belgium, the Netherlands and France.
MOHAWK   |   2024 IMPACT REPORT
OUR PROGRESSOUR PRACTICES
 66OUR PEOPLEOUR PLANETOUR PURPOSE APPENDIX

--- PAGE 68 ---

Your Home  
As part of our sustainability strategy, the Your Home 
pillar focuses on how our products contribute to 
creating healthy, comfortable and sustainable living 
spaces. Since we spend most of our lives indoors, 
whether at home, in classrooms, offices, stores or 
hospitals, the quality of these environments directly 
impacts our well-being. 
Our Products
At Unilin, we develop, manufacture and market a 
wide range of solutions for homes and commercial 
buildings. Our portfolio includes flooring, wood-based 
and decorative panels, wall and roof systems and 
insulation boards. In addition, our Unilin Technologies 
division manages patents for our parent company, 
Mohawk Industries, and third parties, from filing new 
innovations to global commercialization.
More people want to make sustainable choices, but 
understanding sustainability can be complex. To 
support informed decisions, we rely on well-known 
independent ecolabels, clearly defined claims 
 
for indoor air emissions and third-party-verified 
Environmental Product Declarations (EPDs). With  
our products, we aim to enhance both quality of  
life and environmental responsibility.
MOHAWK   |   2024 IMPACT REPORT
OUR PROGRESSOUR PRACTICES
 67OUR PEOPLEOUR PLANETOUR PURPOSE APPENDIX

--- PAGE 69 ---

Flooring
ECOLABELS  INDOOR AIR EMISSION LABELS EPD
Laminate IBU  
INIES
Wood/Parquet
   
IBU  
INIES
LVT
 IBU  
INIES
Sheet Vinyl IBU  
INIES
Carpet Tiles
 INIES
Broadloom Carpet
   
MOHAWK   |   2024 IMPACT REPORT
OUR PROGRESSOUR PRACTICES
 68OUR PEOPLEOUR PLANETOUR PURPOSE APPENDIX

--- PAGE 70 ---

Panels
ECOLABELS  INDOOR AIR EMISSION LABELS EPD
Chipboards 
(Melamine-faced)
IBU  
INIES  
NMD
MDF / HDF & Clicwall 
(Melamine-faced)
IBU  
INIES  
NMD
HPL IBU  
INIES
Insulation
ECOLABELS  INDOOR AIR EMISSION LABELS EPD
Insulation Boards
B-EPD  
NMD  
IBU  
INIES  
EPD Ireland
Insulating Roof Elements
 NMD
MOHAWK   |   2024 IMPACT REPORT
OUR PROGRESSOUR PRACTICES
 69OUR PEOPLEOUR PLANETOUR PURPOSE APPENDIX

--- PAGE 71 ---

Our Home 
As part of our sustainability strategy, the Our Home 
pillar focuses on creating an inclusive, diverse and 
respectful workplace where everyone can develop  
their talents. With approximately 8,000 employees 
representing over 80 nationalities and speaking more 
than 20 languages, we are home for many different 
cultures and backgrounds.
A Workplace Built on Respect and Well-Being 
Respect is at the core of how we work. We reject all 
forms of discrimination and ensure equal opportunities 
for all employees, regardless of gender, age, religion or 
belief, sexual identity, origin or physical ability. Across 
all the countries where we operate, we uphold human 
rights, comply with labor laws, engage in open dialogue 
with unions and ensure fair working conditions. We are 
committed to fostering a workplace where everyone 
feels valued and supported. 
We also want work to be a place where people feel 
good. That is why we focus on health, mental well-being 
and connection. On-site medical check-ups, ergonomic 
improvements and first aid training support physical 
health, while workshops help employees manage stress 
and prevent burnout. To strengthen team spirit, we 
organize sports initiatives like cycling challenges and 
running events. By promoting well-being in all its forms, 
we create a positive and supportive work environment.
 
MOHAWK   |   2024 IMPACT REPORT
OUR PROGRESSOUR PRACTICES
 70OUR PEOPLEOUR PLANETOUR PURPOSE APPENDIX

--- PAGE 72 ---

2021
13.7
2022
12.0
2023
10.5
9.6
20242020
14.9
Lifelong Learning
At the heart of our commitment to lifelong 
learning is The Dive, our transformative learning 
and development strategy that shapes the 
future of growth for both our employees and 
the next generation. In 2023, we opened a 
state-of-the-art learning and visitor center 
also named The Dive at our headquarters in 
Belgium, focused on upskilling and reskilling.
Our training programs cover induction, functional 
expertise and personal development, including 
leadership, digital tools and communication 
skills. Beyond our own workforce, The Dive 
partners with schools and educators through 
internships, dual learning, visits and technical 
camps, inspiring over 350 children and students 
in 2024.
Lost Time Frequency Rate
A Zero-Harm Workplace 
The health and safety of our 
employees come first. Our goal is to 
be a zero-harm company where safety 
is part of everything we do and where 
everyone looks out for one another. 
To build a strong safety culture, we 
launched our internal Zero Harm 
program in 2019. Supported by 
leadership, dedicated Health, Safety 
and Environment teams and a 
company-wide shift in mindset, the 
program has helped reduce accident 
frequency rates for five consecutive 
years. As part of our commitment, we 
have expanded the program further in 
2024, adding our sites in Oceania.
MOHAWK   |   2024 IMPACT REPORT
OUR PROGRESSOUR PRACTICES
 71OUR PEOPLEOUR PLANETOUR PURPOSE APPENDIX

--- PAGE 73 ---

Highlights
GLOBAL IMPACT
Operating in a sustainable way makes 
good business sense. In Godfrey Hirst's 
160th year, we are focused more than 
ever on the resilience of our organization 
and in ensuring we meet the needs of the 
present without compromising those of 
future generations.”
LACHLAN MCMURTRIE
General	Counsel	&	Chief	Sustainability	Officer
Mohawk Flooring Oceania
2024 Highlights
• Emissions reduction: As of the end of 2024, we reduced our Scope 1 and 2 GHG 
emissions by 34% since 2020 and are on track to meet our target of reducing 
Scope 1 and 2 emissions by 42% by 20301
• Solar generation: All of our Australian manufacturing sites and half of our New 
Zealand	manufacturing	sites	have	significant	rooftop	solar	panels,	generating	
approximately 30% of those sites’ electricity requirements on average and more 
than 40% in summer months
• People focus: We continued to engage with a broad range of stakeholders in the 
communities in which we operate and began our Zero Harm safety journey
• EcoVadis™  Gold: We	have	maintained	Gold	level	EcoVadis	certification	for	the	
second year running, putting us in the top 5% of 100,000+ rated companies in  
the EcoVadis global network
1 Emissions reduction targets and progress are stated against a 2020 baseline and are for Godfrey Hirst Australia Pty Ltd and Godfrey Hirst NZ Limited, 
which operate the Godfrey Hirst, Feltex, Hycraft and Redbook brands / business units in Australia and New Zealand. See Carbon Substantiation.
Our Brands
MOHAWK   |   2024 IMPACT REPORT
OUR PROGRESSOUR PRACTICES
 72OUR PEOPLEOUR PLANETOUR PURPOSE APPENDIX

--- PAGE 74 ---

PLANET
Climate Positive—Continued Reductions in Emissions 
We remain committed to a climate-positive 
future through our decarbonization strategy. 
Since 2020, we have reduced our Scope 1 and 2  
GHG emissions in Australia and New Zealand 
from 17,459 MTCO2e to 11,528 MTCO2e. This 
34% reduction has us well on track to meet our 
2030 science-based emissions reduction target 
of 42% in Scope 1 and 2 emissions.
1
This significant reduction has been achieved 
through a range of initiatives, including 
efficiency projects and the large-scale rollout 
of solar generation at key manufacturing sites. 
In New Zealand, on the South Island, where 
businesses have historically used coal for 
industrial heating purposes due to the lack of 
gas pipelines, we have replaced an old coal-
fired boiler with a modern electric boiler at a 
key yarn plant, resulting in reduced emissions. 
In Australia, we have focused on deploying 
solar generation to all our manufacturing sites 
due to the higher emissions intensity of the 
electricity grid compared to New Zealand.
We are actively contributing to Mohawk 
Industries’ group emissions reporting while 
aligning with emerging global standards, 
including the EU’s Corporate Sustainability 
Reporting Directive and the forthcoming 
Australian Mandatory Climate Reporting 
requirements, which will impact our operations 
in Australia and New Zealand starting in 2025. 
We are also working to deepen our 
understanding of Scope 3 emissions and 
product-embodied carbon to manage these 
critical impact areas more effectively. We will 
also undertake local risk assessments to 
ensure our business is resilient to and able  
to take advantage of the challenges and 
opportunities presented by different climate 
change scenarios.
Climate Positive—Large Scale Renewables
We recognized early that our manufacturing 
sites were a major source of GHG emissions, 
especially in Australia, where the electricity grid 
has high emissions intensity due to continued 
reliance on coal-fired power. In contrast, 
New Zealand’s grid is about 90% renewable, 
including hydro, resulting in much lower 
emissions per unit of electricity generated.
Currently, all of our Australian manufacturing sites 
and half of our New Zealand manufacturing sites 
have significant solar generation capacity with 
a total of 5,879 panels now installed and an 
aggregate generation capacity of 2.37 MW. In 
2024 alone, we added a further 2,493 panels with 
a maximum generation capacity of 1.097 MW.
These solar panels now generate approximately 
30% of those sites’ electricity requirements on 
average and more than 40% in summer months.
Product Circularity—Collaboration Is Key
We understand that moving to a circular 
economy is an important step in operating 
a more sustainable business and are actively 
committed to embedding the principles of a 
circular economy into our operations. 
In 2024, we continued to investigate ways to 
reuse carpet waste, including by supporting 
a unique collaboration between a local 
university, the Royal Melbourne Institute 
of Technology, Textile Recyclers Australia
™  
and local governments. The project team 
developed a technique using waste carpet 
fibers to reduce early-age shrinkage cracking 
in concrete by up to 30%, while also improving 
the concrete’s durability. This collaboration 
builds on our work with a local recycling 
company looking at similar uses of carpet 
fibers to strengthen concrete footpaths.
We also collaborated with one of our yarn 
suppliers and diverted approximately 70 MT 
of their nylon yarn waste to a regeneration 
process that recycles it back into new yarn, 
resulting in a 100% recycled yarn product. 
Emissions Reduction
34% reduction in Scope 1 and 2 
GHG emissions in Australia and 
New Zealand
2.37 MW of Solar 
Generation Capacity
through installation of 5,879 
solar panels at manufacturing 
sites, generating ~30% of the 
sites’ total electricity on average
1 See Carbon Substantiation.
MOHAWK   |   2024 IMPACT REPORT
OUR PROGRESSOUR PRACTICES
 73OUR PEOPLEOUR PLANETOUR PURPOSE APPENDIX

--- PAGE 75 ---

We aspire to be a zero-harm company with a positive and caring culture  
where safety is an intrinsic part of our operations.
We care 
for (y)our 
safety.
We aspire to be a zero-harm company with a positive and caring culture  
where safety is an intrinsic part of our operations.
Zero  
Harm.
Every Person, Every Shift, Every Day. 
We aspire to be a zero-harm company with a positive and caring culture  
where safety is an intrinsic part of our operations.
Home 
Safe.
Nothing you do here today is more 
important than making it home  
to your loved ones.
PEOPLE
Safety and Well-Being 
As part of our commitment to safety, a decision  
was made in 2024 to adopt the Zero Harm cultural 
change program.
In preparation for the launch of Zero Harm in Q1 2025, Zero Harm 
Governance teams were set up in Australia and New Zealand and 
Zero Harm Officers were appointed in mid-2024. The Zero Harm 
Officers attended an intensive training course in September 2024 
in New Zealand, facilitated by safety leaders from Mohawk's 
Unilin business in Belgium. As we embark on this journey, our 
vision is Zero Harm: Every Person, Every Shift, Every Day.
We also took steps to look more closely at the risks to people 
in our supply chain in 2024. We initiated a trial of a third-party 
screening tool to better assess counterparty risk, including in 
relation to modern slavery and other workforce risks. We also 
conducted visits to key offshore suppliers, which included 
site inspections with a specific focus on working conditions at 
supplier facilities.
We aspire to be a zero-harm company with a positive and caring culture  
where safety is an intrinsic part of our operations.
Safety  
is in our 
nature.
MOHAWK   |   2024 IMPACT REPORT
OUR PROGRESSOUR PRACTICES
 74OUR PEOPLEOUR PLANETOUR PURPOSE APPENDIX

--- PAGE 76 ---

PEOPLE
Supporting Local Communities In 2024, we continued to support a range 
of local sustainability initiatives under our  
People pillar. 
We were proud to continue our support of the 
Architecture & Design Sustainability Awards 
in 2024 as an official award partner for a third 
year, in the Interior Design category.
We support one of Australia’s most well-known, 
trusted and visited mental health organizations, 
Beyond Blue
™ . 
DISCOVER
Chromatic Cadence
GH Commercial continued its partnership with 
GenU’s™  Arts Program donating $1 per square 
meter sold from the Chromatic Cadence™  
collection on a bi-annual basis.
We supported local talent and the wool 
industry in New Zealand by backing young 
shearer Jamie Skiffington in his solo world 
record attempt this January.
As a strategic partner of the Living Future 
Institute of Australia™  we were excited to offer 
one full scholarship position for the Living 
Future Accreditation & Regional Intensive 
Course in 2024.
We donated a full house of carpet to Habitat 
for Humanity™  in New Zealand each month, 
helping families in need create warm, 
comfortable homes.
In Australia, we worked with PhoneCycle™  
to facilitate the reuse of 77 devices and their 
diversion from landfill.
In 2024, GH Commercial held our largest Take 3  
for the Sea™  clean-up event to date. The GH 
Commercial team joined forces with Take 3 
for the Sea along the Barwon River in South 
Geelong for a riverside clean-up event. 
MOHAWK   |   2024 IMPACT REPORT
OUR PROGRESSOUR PRACTICES
 75OUR PEOPLEOUR PLANETOUR PURPOSE APPENDIX

--- PAGE 77 ---

Sustainable Design and Product Transparency 
Under our Performance pillar, we continued 
our focus in 2024 on how our products 
contribute to creating healthy, comfortable 
and sustainable living spaces. Since we 
spend most of our lives indoors, whether 
at home, in classrooms, offices, stores or 
hospitals, the quality of these environments 
directly impacts our well-being.
We recognize that more people want to make 
sustainable choices, but understanding sustainability 
can be complex. To support informed decisions, we 
rely on well-known independent ecolabels, clearly 
defined claims and third-party verification. With our 
products, we aim to enhance both quality of life and 
environmental responsibility.
Declare® Red List Free™  certification that compares 
a product’s entire constituent chemical composition 
to a threshold of 100 parts-per-million against a  
list of worst-in-class chemicals, better known as  
the Red List. These chemicals are those that pose  
an increased risk of polluting the environment, 
bio-accumulation of contaminants progressing up 
the food chain and/or negative health implications 
for factory personnel, construction industry 
workers and building occupants. All our 
commercial carpet tile and the vast majority of 
our residential broadloom carpets products 
are now Red List Free.
For many years we have also had our carpets 
classified under the Carpet Institute of Australia’s 
Environmental Certification Scheme™  (ECS), 
which is the leading environmental scheme for 
floor coverings in Australia and New Zealand. 
And in 2024, we were excited to extend ECS 
certification for the first time to one of our hard 
flooring products. 
Our hard flooring products also carry a range 
of independent certifications including 
Global 
Green Tag™  (all hybrid flooring) and Programme 
for the Endorsement of Forest Certification 
(PEFC™ ) (specific timber products).
In 2024, we advanced our understanding of the 
life-cycle impacts of key commercial products, 
with a specific emphasis on embodied carbon. 
In 2025, we’ll publish our first EPDs for products 
manufactured in Australia and New Zealand, 
initially covering key commercial carpet tile and 
selected broadloom product lines. We’ll then 
use this data to better investigate ways of 
reducing the embodied carbon and other 
sustainability impacts of our products.
ENVIRONMENTALLY
C  E  R  T  I  F  I  E  D
       AUSTRALIAN   CARPET  MARK
REGISTERED No. THIS CARPET COMPLIES WITH
ECS LEVELS 1-4
ECS LEVEL 1-4 CERTIFICATION
A U S T R A L I A N     C  A  R  P  E  T 
C
 L A
 S S I F I C A T I O N       S C H E M
 E
PEFC/21-31-357
SM 
MOHAWK   |   2024 IMPACT REPORT
OUR PROGRESSOUR PRACTICES
 76OUR PEOPLEOUR PLANETOUR PURPOSE APPENDIX

--- PAGE 78 ---

PERFORMANCE
Sustainability Management Systems—
EcoVadis Gold Medal 
In 2024, we completed our EcoVadis submission, earning a Gold Medal 
ranking for the second year in a row.
EcoVadis is the world’s largest and most trusted provider of business sustainability ratings, 
and it measures a company’s improvement in its entire supply chain and production toward 
the transition to a sustainable economy. 
The EcoVadis methodology is built on international sustainability standards, including 
the Global Reporting Initiative, the United Nations Global Compact and the ISO 26000, 
covering 200+ spend categories and 175+ countries. The sustainability scorecard 
illustrates performance across 21 indicators in four themes:
• Environment
• Labor & Human Rights
• Ethics
• Sustainable Procurement
The results put us in the top 5% of 
100,000+ rated companies in the 
EcoVadis global network.
MOHAWK   |   2024 IMPACT REPORT
OUR PROGRESSOUR PRACTICES
 77OUR PEOPLEOUR PLANETOUR PURPOSE APPENDIX

--- PAGE 79 ---

APPENDIX
MOHAWK   |   2024 IMPACT REPORT
OUR PROGRESS APPENDIX
 78OUR PRACTICESOUR PEOPLEOUR PLANETOUR PURPOSE

--- PAGE 80 ---

Key Data, Reports and Policies
Key Data Tables1
GRI Index
ISSB
U.N. SDGs
Carbon Substantiation
External Disclosures
CDP Report
Political Contributions Policy & 2024 Indirect 
Political Contributions
ESG-Related Policies
Environmental Policy
Human Rights Policy
Conflict Minerals Policy
Canada Forced Labour Report
Health and Safety Policy
Privacy Policy
Standards of Conduct and Code of Ethics
Supplier Code of Conduct
Board of Directors Selection Policy
Training and Development Policy
1 Data from 2024 acquisitions are not included in this 2024 Impact Report. The Company incorporates data from mergers, acquisitions and divestitures in the following calendar year. This approach is used across all topics. When consolidating information, the Company does not 
include sustainability data from minority investments in which it does not have operational control.
MOHAWK   |   2024 IMPACT REPORT
OUR PROGRESS APPENDIX
 79OUR PRACTICESOUR PEOPLEOUR PLANETOUR PURPOSE

--- PAGE 81 ---

160 South Industrial Blvd. 
Calhoun, GA 30701 
United States 
mohawkind.com
Version 1.0 July 2025